LVS: A Change of Fortune | Page 1 of 3 | Financial Articles and Blogs | TheStreet.com
Click Here For Free Research
RealMoney.com: Investing
LVS: A Change of Fortune
3/15/2010 2:00 PM EDT
Click here for more stories by Eric Jackson
, I wrote on my concerns about casino operator 
) and recommended that investors steer clear of the stock after a big 800% run from the March lows. 
 The risks I cited then included:
Losses will persist without a meaningful upturn in operating performance
Debt requirements will get tighter over the next year
Continued development risk in Macau
Poor corporate governance oversight
 Since then, the stock has been stuck in a trading range, rising 2%. However, my view on the stock has turned positive and I'm now long. What's changed? Some risks remain. The risks of tightening debt covenants remain. That will happen this year, so the company will have to continue to perform to meet those. Corporate governance is the same as it ever was. Sands CEO Sheldon Adelson will continue to look out for himself and his family. Investors should continue to expect egregious expenses charged to their tab.
 The biggest thing that's happened to make me positive on the stock is that the company's Macau operations have turned up sharply and seem poised to continue in this vein for at least the rest of the year.
 Sands' overall Q4 earnings weren't particularly good but, here's the thing. The market is not expecting much from the company's Las Vegas, Pennsylvania or Singapore results. The stock's fortunes rise and fall with the latest news on Macau, and business there seems to be much stronger this quarter and growing. 
 In the risks I cited in November, I discussed the threat of continuing losses at the company and development risk in Macau. Although LVS has a number of properties there that still need capital to be completed, as the business environment has improved in these last four months, the risk of Sands coming up short has lessened. And with even a slight upturn in Macau revenue, LVS benefits disproportionately relative to its peers -- and that is what's happening at the moment (something the market hasn't yet fully recognized, in my opinion). 
 RELATED STORIES
3/15/2010 11:11 AM EDT
Some people are very successful at trading on gut instinct, but most are not.
Gourmet Graham Crackers
3/12/2010 2:00 PM EST
I've run my basic Graham screen to find cheap stocks with growth potential as long-term investments.
The Long Wait is Over
3/15/2010 9:20 AM EDT
Phew! The FDA is not asking AMLN for more clinical trials and there was no outright denial.
At the time of publication, Jackson's fund was long LVS. 

Eric Jackson is founder and president of Ironfire Capital and the general partner and investment manager of Ironfire Capital US Fund LP and Ironfire Capital International Fund, Ltd. You can follow Jackson on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ericjackson or @ericjackson
TheStreet.com's enterprise databases running Oracle are professionally monitored and managed by 
