 Stocks Advancing Amid Heavy Short Interest - Sunesis Pharmaceuticals Inc, THQ Inc, Las Vegas Sands Corp, First Solar Inc, Solarfun Power Holdings Co Ltd | Trading Floor Blog | SchaeffersResearch.com 
 working... 
 Schaeffer's Trading Floor Blog
Stocks Advancing Amid Heavy Short Interest - Sunesis Pharmaceuticals Inc, THQ Inc, Las Vegas Sands Corp, First Solar Inc, Solarfun Power Holdings Co Ltd
As explained in our 
, short interest is a useful sentiment indicator that measures the level of investor pessimism toward a stock. While it isn't always a simple "long only" indicator, it can give you insight into situations where you might see concentrated buying demand. The purpose of this post is to highlight heavily-shorted stocks that could be in the midst of a potential short covering rally. More details about the methodology are listed below.
Methodology - the query scans a database of companies which has some basic filters to eliminate stocks that don't trade frequently. The table above is a filtered list of stocks that have at least 10 percent of their float sold short and showed a gain in the previous trading day. This can be used as a tool for finding situations where stocks with heavy short interest have begun to move.
Companies included in today's scan are: Sunesis Pharmaceuticals Inc (SNSS), THQ Inc (THQI), PMI Group (PMI), Fred's (FRED), Integra Bank (IBNK), McClatchy (MNI), CompuCredit (CCRT), JA Solar Holdings Co., Ltd. (JASO), Power-One (PWER), AAR (AIR), EMCORE Corp (EMKR), Palm Inc (PALM), Las Vegas Sands Corp (LVS), Georgia Gulf (GGC), Boyd Gaming Corp (BYD), AnnTaylor Stores (ANN), Chiquita Brands International (CQB), MGM Mirage (MGM), Select Comfort (SCSS), First Solar, Inc. (FSLR), St. Joe (JOE), RTI International Metals (RTI), Netlogic Microsystems (NETL), Morgans Hotel Group Co. (MHGC), Solarfun Power Holdings Co Ltd (SOLF).
Discuss this post (Comments: 0)
 Email to a Friend
View All of Today's Blog Entries
Discuss this commentary:
Add a new discussion topic related to this commentary
Discussion Board Home Page
There are currently no discussions related to this commentary.
 Search Past Blog Entries
 Search by: 
 Word or phrase to search: 
Today's Most Popular Stories
3 Stocks to Watch: AK Steel Holding Corp., Ciena Corp., and MGIC Investment Corp.
Options Update: Speculator Predicts a Short-Term Price Swing for Deere & Company 
Sizing Up the Pre-Earnings Prospects for Ford Motor Company, By the Numbers
Opening View: DJIA 11,150 Putting Up More of a Fight Than 11,000
Schaeffer on Charts: Taking the Long View 
Monday Morning Outlook: Dow Conquers 11,000, But Goldman Suit Overshadows Week
Monday Morning Outlook: Bulls Hope Earnings Will Reinvigorate DJIA Rally in April
Monday Morning Outlook: Is DJIA 11,000 Coming into View?
Option Activity Alert: Forest Oil Corporation Stares Up at Resistance
Options Stew: Sohu.com Inc., Transocean LTD, and Human Genome Sciences
Trading Tools to Build Your Portfolio: Puts Proliferate As Caterpillar Inc. Continues to Climb 
Options Coach: Front Month Versus Back Month
 Podcasting
 Videocasting
Schaeffer's Daily Q&A;: Dissecting a Butterfly Spread
 Apr 23 2010 4:07 PM
Options Stew: A Taste of the Week's Spiciest Pl...
 
 View More...
Receive FREE access to Schaeffer's 
premier online options magazine! 
 Processing
 Order 
Monday Morning Outlook:
 Prepare for the investing week ahead. Every week, Bernie and his staff provide you with their insight about what has happened and, more importantly, what will happen in the market. We dig deep and show you what's happening behind the scenes, and tell you which indicators are predicting major market moves. 
 At the end of every market day, we review the trading day in detail, covering major events and key market developments. Don't miss this critical, timely and insightful report. 
 Every morning, our research staff analyzes the prior day and the overnight markets, and monitors the morning wires to give you an accurate preview of the day to come. delivered to your inbox before the opening bell. 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Email 
 Password 
 I would like to be contacted periodically by Schaeffer's Investment Research concerning its own products and services, and those of carefully selected advertisers. I understand that I can opt-out of further messages at any time. 
 Sign-up
Additional Legal Notice
 Featured Partners: 
 &copy; 2010 Schaeffer's Investment Research, Inc. 5151 Pfeiffer Road, Suite 250, Cincinnati, Ohio 45242
 Phone: (800) 448-2080 FAX: (513) 589-3810 Int'l Callers: (513) 589-3800 Email: 
 All Rights Reserved. Unauthorized reproduction of any SIR publication is strictly prohibited.
 Market Data provided by QuoteMedia.com | Data delayed 15-20 minutes unless otherwise indicated. 
