 Global Markets Up, Waiting On Gold For A Trade | iStockAnalyst.com 
Global Markets Up, Waiting On Gold For A Trade
 Wednesday, March 17, 2010 9:45 AM
Vote for next session
The next market session will close:
Tokyo was up 125 points last night gaining 1.17% after the Bank of Japan doubled its lending program to $221 billion. London is up almost half a percent in early trade. US futures are trading marginally higher pre-market. I took a few longs overnight (LVS, FCX, V, AGU, GLD) and I'm looking for momentum continuation today.
Jim Rogers believes the euro is destined for failure in 15-20 years. He is currently long but he says, "We've had currency unions in history, they didn't survive, this one won't survive either". For the US, he is certain of one thing: "Yes we're going to have another recession, I guarantee you. Certainly by 2012 say, it's time for another recession". (
 -I didn't really want to hear that. Let's hope he's wrong though I fear he's going to be right.
I'm waiting on gold to break through the 1,140 area before it really gets rockin' again. The consolidation action above previous all-time highs has been very healthy. A move above the trendline would signal a change in the short-term trend and I will get much more aggressively long.
Research Related Stocks: 
Rate this Commentary
 Name: 
 
 Alert for new comments:
 Your email: 
 Your Website:
 Title: 
RadEditor hidden textarea
 
 
 The above story is the opinion of the author only and it does not reflect iStockAnalyst opinion. Further, the author is not personally advising you regarding the suitability of the story for your investment needs. In no event iStockAnalyst will be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from or arising out of, or in connection with the use of this information. Please consult your investment advisor before making any investment decision. 
Related Press Releases
Recent Articles by Brandon Rowley
Research Related Stocks: 
 Subscribe to 
Email Alerts
 or 
 for articles from more than 500 contributors, press releases, SEC filings and full text news from more than four thousand sources.
 | 
 | 
 | 
 Join Blog Network
 copryright 2010 all rights reserved 
 Fundamental data is provided by 
Zacks Investment Research
, market data is provided by 
, and Commentary and Press Releases provided by 
