Options Intelligence Report: Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS), Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) & iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Index ETF (EEM) | Unusual Activity | The Options Insider
The Options Insider - Your Inside Source for Options Information
not a member yet? join now for FREE!
Options Intelligence Report: Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS), Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) & iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Index ETF (EEM)
Posted on 4/5/2010 in 
Options Traders Storm Las Vegas Sands Corp. As Shares Soar
LVS &ndash; Las Vegas Sands Corp. 
 Shares of the owner and operator of The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino and other gaming resorts surged 8.92% to attain a new 52-week high of $23.19 today. The rally in share price at Las Vegas Sands Corp. inspired options investors to initiate bullish trading strategies on the stock. Near-term bullish players populated the April contract by purchasing both in and out-of-the-money call options, as well as by selling out-of-the-money put options. Existing open interest levels in call options at the most heavily trafficked strikes in the April contract (April $21/$22.5/$24) cloud the picture a bit because it is more difficult to pinpoint new positioning. 
 However, fresh plain-vanilla call buying in the September contract provides a clear bullish signal on the casino resort operator. Traders anticipating continued upward movement in the price of the underlying stock through September expiration picked up 2,000 calls at the September $26 strike for an average premium of $2.29 apiece. Investors holding the September $26 strike call contracts profit if Las Vegas Sands&rsquo; shares surge 22% from the current price of $23.19 to exceed the effective breakeven point to the upside at $28.29 by expiration day in six months.
PFE &ndash; Pfizer, Inc. 
 A large-volume plain-vanilla debit call spread employed on Pfizer this afternoon indicates one options player expects shares of the underlying stock to rebound by expiration in June. Pfizer&rsquo;s shares slipped 1.10% lower during the trading session to stand at $16.90. The investor looked to the June $17 strike to purchase 19,500 calls for an average premium of $0.56 per contract, which were spread against the sale of the same number of calls at the higher June $19 strike for $0.08 each. 
 The net cost of the bullish transaction amounts to $0.48 per contract, thus positioning the investor to accrue maximum potential profits of $1.52 per contract should Pfizer&rsquo;s share price rally more than 12.4% from the current price to $19.00 by expiration day in June. Shares of the global pharmaceutical company last traded above $19.00 on February 2, 2010, when the stock reached an intraday high of $19.33.
EEM &ndash; iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Index ETF 
 Shares of the emerging markets exchange-traded fund, which corresponds to the price and yield performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index, increased more than 1% during the current session to reach a new 52-week high of $43.71. One big options player decided to take advantage of cheaper put premiums today by extending a massive protective put position on the fund. 
 It looks like the trader shed 90,000 put options at the April $40 strike for a premium of $0.08 per contract in order to roll the protective stance to the May $40 strike where 90,000 puts were purchased for an average premium of $0.43 each. It is unclear how much the trader initially paid to buy the April contract puts, however the net cost of today&rsquo;s transaction (in isolation) amounts to $0.35 per contract. Thus, the investor has extended downside protection through to May expiration in case the fund&rsquo;s shares slump during the current month or during the first few weeks of May. 
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: The material presented in this commentary is provided for informational purposes only and is based upon information that is considered to be reliable. However, neither Interactive Brokers LLC nor its affiliates warrant its completeness, accuracy or adequacy and it should not be relied upon as such. Neither IB nor its affiliates are responsible for any errors or omissions or for results obtained from the use of this information. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
 This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial instrument. Securities or other financial instruments mentioned in this material are not suitable for all investors. Any opinions expressed herein are given in good faith, are subject to change without notice, and are only correct as of the stated date of their issue. The information contained herein does not constitute advice on the tax consequences of making any particular investment decision. This material does not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situations or needs and is not intended as a recommendation to you of any particular securities, financial instruments or strategies. Before investing, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, as necessary, seek professional advice.
 | View more articles by 
Register for Our Free Newsletter and Become an Insider Today!
Enter your email address below:
 The Comment Letter is a no-holds-barred look at the world of options. If you want dry industry content, then look somewhere else. If you want an informed perspective on the options markets, delivered straight from the founder of The Options Insider.com, then you've come to the right place.
 Citi options have traded off the charts this month. What&#039;s the story? And what happened with the crazy drop off in Feb...
Broker Smackdown: Think or Swim vs. Options House vs. OptionsXpress vs. Trade King
 What a fantastic discussion. Thought I&#039;d chirp in. I am a new retail trader (paper trading for 3 months, live tradin...
Broker Smackdown: Think or Swim vs. Options House vs. OptionsXpress vs. Trade King
 Thanks for the link Felicia. There&#039;s some great info there. I think the biggest selling point for Think or Swim, at ...
Start Discussing Now
