Options Intelligence Report: Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) & SPDR S&P Metals and Mining ETF (XME) | Unusual Activity | The Options Insider
The Options Insider - Your Inside Source for Options Information
not a member yet? join now for FREE!
Options Intelligence Report: Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) & SPDR S&P Metals and Mining ETF (XME)
Posted on 3/22/2010 in 
Call Activity Booming As Las Vegas Sands Shares Soar
LVS &ndash; Las Vegas Sands Corp. 
 Options players are trading in their gambling chips for call options on the owner and operator of hotel casinos and resorts today as shares of the underlying stock surged 7.25% to a new 52-week high of $20.91. Although the catalyst for Las Vegas Sands&rsquo; super-rally is unclear, the firm&rsquo;s target share price was increased to $24.00 from $22.00 by an analyst at Bernstein this morning. 
 Bullish investors picked up more than 12,200 calls at the April $21 strike by paying an average premium of $0.82 per contract. Traders holding these contracts stand ready to amass profits if shares of the underlying stock rally above the average breakeven price of $21.82 ahead of expiration day. Bullish sentiment spread to the higher April $22.5 strike where another 6,900 calls were coveted for an average premium of $0.39 each. 
 Finally, super-bulls bought 2,300 call contracts at the April $24 strike for a premium of $0.24 per contract. Uber-optimists profit if LVS shares surge another 16% from the current value of the stock to surpass the effective breakeven price of $24.24 ahead of April expiration. The sharp rally in shares of the casino operator and the increase in options activity on the stock lifted LVS&rsquo;s overall reading of options implied volatility 17% to 56.36% as of 12:50 pm (ET).
 A bearish put butterfly spread employed in the April contract on the SPDR S&P Metals and Mining ETF today suggests one investor is expecting a sharp pullback in the fund&rsquo;s underlying share price ahead of expiration. Shares of the XME are trading 0.30% lower as of the middle of the trading session to stand at $55.21. 
 The pessimistic options player enacted the butterfly spread by purchasing 5,000 puts at the April $52 strike for a premium of $1.15 apiece [wing 1], and by picking another 5,000 put options at the lower April $44 strike for $0.15 each [wing 2]. The trader sold 10,000 puts at the central April $48 strike for a premium of $0.40 per contract to establish the body of the butterfly. The net cost and maximum loss potential incurred by the investor on the bearish transaction amounts to $0.50 per contract. 
 If shares of the XME trade above $52.00 through expiration day the investor loses the premium paid for the butterfly spread. However, the trader is prepared to accumulate maximum available profits of $3.50 per contract should shares of the underlying fund plummet 13% from the current price to settle at $48.00 at expiration. Shares of the ETF must decline at least 6.70% before the bearish trader breaks even on the spread at a price of $51.50 per share. 
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: The material presented in this commentary is provided for informational purposes only and is based upon information that is considered to be reliable. However, neither Interactive Brokers LLC nor its affiliates warrant its completeness, accuracy or adequacy and it should not be relied upon as such. Neither IB nor its affiliates are responsible for any errors or omissions or for results obtained from the use of this information. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
 This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial instrument. Securities or other financial instruments mentioned in this material are not suitable for all investors. Any opinions expressed herein are given in good faith, are subject to change without notice, and are only correct as of the stated date of their issue. The information contained herein does not constitute advice on the tax consequences of making any particular investment decision. This material does not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situations or needs and is not intended as a recommendation to you of any particular securities, financial instruments or strategies. Before investing, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, as necessary, seek professional advice.
 | View more articles by 
Register for Our Free Newsletter and Become an Insider Today!
Enter your email address below:
 The Comment Letter is a no-holds-barred look at the world of options. If you want dry industry content, then look somewhere else. If you want an informed perspective on the options markets, delivered straight from the founder of The Options Insider.com, then you've come to the right place.
 Citi options have traded off the charts this month. What&#039;s the story? And what happened with the crazy drop off in Feb...
Broker Smackdown: Think or Swim vs. Options House vs. OptionsXpress vs. Trade King
 What a fantastic discussion. Thought I&#039;d chirp in. I am a new retail trader (paper trading for 3 months, live tradin...
Broker Smackdown: Think or Swim vs. Options House vs. OptionsXpress vs. Trade King
 Thanks for the link Felicia. There&#039;s some great info there. I think the biggest selling point for Think or Swim, at ...
Start Discussing Now
