Las Vegas Sands (NYSE: LVS) short iron condor | ONN.tv
Practical Options Trader
Time to Target Price:
Show Potential Trades
 Stocks vs. Options: Which generates better returns? 
 Plug in your stock idea to find options trades offering a potentially better ROI. 
Learn more about the OptionFinder
 Enter a stock ticker symbol above 
 to find charts, news, and analysis. 
This box will populate with tickers you recently viewed by using the &quot;Get Quotes&quot; search box at the top of the page.
 VIX 
 Dow (DJX) 
 Nasdaq (NDX) 
 S&P; 500 (SPX) 
5 Ways That Options Can Make You a Better Stock Trader
 NEW TO OPTIONS?
 Visit our New to Options page to learn more. 
Find out more &raquo;
Las Vegas Sands (NYSE: LVS) short iron condor
 by 
Ahead of the bell on Wednesday, UBS downgraded 
Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE: 
 to neutral from buy. The stock is up more than 40% since the beginning of February. For neutral investors who think the shares will stay in a range, here is a short iron condor from ONN.tv&#8217;s 
Idea Generating Platform (IGP)
Iron Condor Trade Details: 
LVS is currently trading at $22.93, down 50 cents so far on the day.
Below are the elements (one bull put spread, one bear call spread) for this iron condor. If possible, use a limit order to place this trade, specifying one price for the four-legged strategy.
Iron Condor Part I: Bull Put Spread –
Iron Condor Part II: Bear Call Spread – 
Overall credit for the four-legged spread: $0.80 ($80 per lot) 
Profit/Loss Details: 
A picture is worth 1,000 words – visualize the maximum profit, maximum loss, and the breakeven levels of this trade using the graphing tools in a free 
virtual trading account
. After you plan your trades, try 
100 commission-free trades
 $0.80 (the total premium collected) minus 
 $0.20 (the difference between call or put strikes minus the premium collected). Return on risk is approximately 400% for this strategy.
Upper breakeven price
 $24.80 (the strike of the sold call plus the total premium).
Lower breakeven price
 $22.20 (the strike of the sold put minus the total premium).
ONN.tv experts Jud Pyle, Kevin Cook and Jared Levy provide premium trading alerts that investors can access and follow with commentary and strategy lessons. Sign up for this 
 and start trading with the pros!
Analyst Actions: Las Vegas Sands Off 2% on Increasing Pre-Market Volume – Stock Downgraded
Winners, losers in Las Vegas Sands (NYSE: LVS) option strategies
Remember, trading Ideas are generated by the ONN Idea Generating Platform as a starting point for people to begin their own research. Trading ideas are not intended as trading or investment advice or recommendations that any particular security or strategy may be suitable for any specific person. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, but we hope that some of these ideas will give you a starting point as you look for strategies to employ. 
More in Trading Ideas
JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) call ...
General Electric (NYSE: GE) shor...
Related Symbols - Recent Coverage
Latest Trading Ideas
OptionsHouse e-Learn Webinar Series
View All Webinars...
 &copy; 2010 PEAK6 Media, LLC. All rights reserved
 OptionsHouse, LLC is affiliated with 
 (Options News Network) through their parent company, PEAK6 Investments, L.P. Brokerage services are offered through OptionsHouse, LLC.	Please read 
Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options
, copies of which can also be obtained by contacting OptionsHouse Customer Service Department at 
customerservice@optionshouse.com
