UPDATE 2-Alcoa demolishing two plants, sees $120 mln charge
| Reuters 
Potentially deadly fungus spreading in U.S. and Canada
UPDATE 2-'South Park' airs 'censored' episode after threat
North Korea torpedoed South's navy ship: report
Durable goods orders ex-transport, home sales up
Wall Street gives much to lawmakers in reform debate
Exclusive: WellPoint routinely targets breast cancer patients
Biggest study on cellphone health effects launched
Oil spill contained, search for 11 continues
World stocks, euro, rise after Greek aid
U.S. to WellPoint: Stop dropping breast cancer patients
Potentially deadly fungus spreading in U.S. and Canada
Exclusive: WellPoint routinely targets breast cancer patients
U.S. to WellPoint: Stop dropping breast cancer patients
North Korea torpedoed South's navy ship: report
Biggest study on cellphone health effects launched
Police barred from penis enlargement
WellPoint routinely targets breast cancer patients
Privacy chiefs keep watch over Facebook
Legalizing pot may kill buzz in California enclave
Durable goods orders ex-transport, home sales up
UPDATE 2-Alcoa demolishing two plants, sees $120 mln charge
Mon Apr 5, 2010 6:30pm EDT
 * Closing Badin, Eastalco smelters
 | 
 | 
 | 
 * Sees $120 mln after-tax charge
 * Sees $80 mln charge from U.S. health care overhaul (Adds analyst's comment, background, additional details)
 HOUSTON, April 5 (Reuters) - Alcoa Inc (
) said on
Monday it plans to shut and demolish two previously idled
plants, citing market fundamentals.
 Alcoa will permanently shutter its Eastalco smelter in
Frederick, Maryland which has a capacity of 195,000
metric-tons-per-year and its smelter in Badin, North Carolina
which has a capacity of 60,000 metric-tons-per-year, it said in
a regulatory filing.
 Global demand for aluminum has not rebounded as quickly as
that of steel and other metals since the start of recession
started in December 2007.
 The price of the metal plunged 18 months ago from highs of
about $3,300 per tonne, and has slowly risen to around $2,300
on Monday.
 The Alcoa plant closures will result in an after-tax charge
of $120 million in the first quarter, it said in a filing with
the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission.
 "These smelters were not running," Affiliated Research
Group analyst Charles Bradford said. "Eastalco, in particular,
was a situation where the power contract ran out.
 "And it was a perfectly good smelter from an efficiency
standpoint and every other measure you would look at, except
that the power cost that was offered to them was just so high
that you could not justify running the plant," he added.
 The company also expects to record additional charges of
$10 million to $15 million for various costs related to the
demolitions from 2011 through 2015, it said.
 Bradford told Reuters the destruction of the two facilities
"won't affect the market, but it will affect Alcoa's cost.
 "Because even if you are not operating the plant and don't
even have it on maintenance, it costs you for security," he
said.
 Alcoa will also take an $80 million charge in the first
quarter related to the U.S. healthcare overhaul signed into law
last month by President Barack Obama, it told regulators.
 Also on Monday, Alcoa said it is increasing its investment
in a planned $10.8 billion aluminum complex in Saudi Arabia
after some of the U.S. company's partners in a consortium
dropped out [ID:nLDE6340JP].
 In a change in the ownership structure, Alcoa will now pay
about $1.1 billion over four years up from the $900 million it
had said in December. (Reporting by 
 in Houston and Carole Vaporean in
New York; editing by 
UPDATE 1-UBS tax evader cites Holocaust "survival behavior"
 * String of guilty pleas tied to UBS tax evasion probe (Adds comment from Holocaust survivors' group)
&#187; More Top News
Greece asks for $60.5 billion aid
Greek request to trigger billions in emergency loans could be the largest state bailout ever attempted. 
Apple over Microsoft by a TKO
Apple's shares are now 80 times what they were in 1997 while Microsoft's have barely doubled. A Silicon Valley insider explains why. 
