Earnings Season Is Coming (AA) | Benzinga.com
Earnings Season Is Coming (AA)
Recent Articles by Swing Trader
Posted on 04/05/10 at 9:24pm by 
The baseball season began today. But, there is another season about to begin in which I am far more interested: The "Earnings Season" (Yes, only true stock market junkies would get more excited for this season).
) officially kicks off earnings season next Monday after the bell. Analysts are looking for EPS of 15 cents on revenue of 5.32 billion. Last quarter Alcoa came in ahead of the consensus revenue estimate, but disappointed on the bottom line. Today Alcoa received a downgrade by Deutsch Bank and some important concerns about the company's bottom line were highlighted.
Deutsch Bank mentioned that Alcoa will see higher energy prices that will dampen earnings results. Deutsch Bank is only looking for EPS of 10 cents this quarter. Alcoa is seeing higher costs of electricity and raw material aluminum oxide, which is used in the manufacturing process.
Thus, while the price of aluminum is expected to rise to $1.20 per pound next year from 99 cents this year, Alcoa's cost per pound is also rising and currently sits at 93 cents.
As commodities continue to rally, it may begin to impact the margins and bottom-line results for many companies. Just over the past year crude oil is up 85 percent, copper is up 82 percent, and aluminum is up 58 percent.
These higher commodities prices will result in higher fuel costs for transports, higher manufacturing costs for industrials, and higher packaging costs for consumer goods.
A zero interest rate environment and V-shaped economic growth is fueling the run-up in commodities prices. Eventually all the government's funny money will find its way into the real economy somehow. The Alcoa downgrade on higher input costs may be a harbinger of things to come for many companies going forward.
Everyone is banking on higher earnings growth to lower the p/e multiple of the s&P 500. However, given how commodities have rallied, profits may be squeezed by too much many chasing too few goods (aka inflation).
Bookmark/Search this post with: 
You are not watching this post, click to start watching
Today&#039;s Trading Ideas
Related News from the Stock Market
There are 0 comments
Receive Benzinga&#039;s Best 2010 Stock Idea!
