Your Metal News - Alcoa Dedicates Expanded Recycling Operations
 to retrieve password. 
Your Communication News
Your Petrochemical News
Your Ship Building News
Alcoa Dedicates Expanded Recycling Operations
Monday, Mar 29, 2010
Alcoa (NYSE:AA) today dedicated a $24 million expansion of aluminum can recycling capacity at the Company&rsquo;s Tennessee Operations which will increase recycling capability by nearly 50 percent and help secure more than 100 jobs at the facility.
&ldquo;The aluminum can is the world&rsquo;s most efficient package, largely because it can be recycled infinitely,&rdquo; said Klaus Kleinfeld, President and CEO of Alcoa. &ldquo;Today we are celebrating the successful completion of our expansion and another milestone in our drive to help increase recycling rates across North America. This investment is an example of our commitment to increasing recycling as well as to helping secure jobs here in the Tennessee community.
&ldquo;In the U.S. alone, more than 46 billion cans were put into landfills last year,&rdquo; said Kleinfeld. &ldquo;If we could instead recycle about half of those lost cans, we could achieve our goal of a 75 percent recycling rate and save the emissions of two coal-fired power plants.&rdquo;
Kleinfeld was joined by Helmut Wieser, Alcoa Executive Vice President and President of Alcoa Global Rolled Products; and Kevin Anton, Vice President of Global Primary Products Finance and Strategy.
The new Tennessee Operations Can Reclamation facility includes a new crusher and delacquering furnace and supporting building enclosures, utilities and environmental systems. These improvements will help increase capacity using state-of-the-art environmental and fuel-efficient technology as well as support future flexibility to process other scrap types.
Recycling an aluminum can saves 95 percent of the energy it takes to make a can from new metal. A used beverage container can be recycled and back on the shelf in 60 days, something no other beverage package can do.
In 2009, Alcoa announced a commitment to work toward increasing recycling rates in North America to 75 percent by 2015. Increasing recycling capacity is part of the overall strategy to drive recycling rates.
&ldquo;Today Americans recycle about 54 percent of all beverage cans produced in North America,&rdquo; Kleinfeld said. &ldquo;If everyone would recycle one more can a week, we can reach our 75 percent goal.&rdquo;
Note to Editors: High resolution photos of the event are available on 
 under News Releases.
Vantex Resources Ltd: Galloway Project 
Abbastar Intersects 9.8 g/t Gold Over 4.7 Metres at Talbot Lake Project, Ontario 
Sierra Monitor Corporation Ships First Order of Gas and Flame Detection Systems for Abu Dhabi Company for Onshore Oil Operation 
La Quinta Acquires Historical Data on its Easter Project in Nevada 
Pinetree Capital Ltd. Acquires Securities of Canadian Arrow Mines Ltd. 
Westcore Announces Agreement with 49 North to Acquire Interests in Additional Manitoba Coal Permits 
49 North Resources Inc. Acquires Manitoba Coal Exploration Permits and Enters Agreement With Westcore Energy Ltd. 
Advanced Explorations' Corporate Update 
Medoro files NI 43-101 gold resource estimate report on Marmato Project
Alcan (Tianjin) Alloy Products unveils Shi De He Jin(TM) as brand name for aluminium alloy cables in China 
Copyright &copy; 2010 
 | All Rights Reserved
