TradersHuddle.com - Most Stocks Advanced After Fed Minutes. Banks Rallied. Dow Leaders: AA, BAC, JPM, AXP, and DD | Stocks
 Most Stocks Advanced After Fed Minutes. Banks Rallied. Dow Leaders: AA, BAC, JPM, AXP, and DD 
 Written by Christoper Lynn 
 Tuesday, 06 April 2010 19:21	
 (TradersHuddle.com) – Most stocks advanced after the Federal Reserve signaled that it would leave interest rates at a record low in order to safeguard the economic recovery, which may loose steam. Financial shares rallied in otherwise tepid session.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 3.56 points or 0.03%. The S&P 500 index gained 1.99 points, while the NASDAQ added 7.28 points or 0.30%. Market breadth was positive. On the NYSE advancers outpaced losers by a rate of close to 7 to 5, while on the NASDAQ winners topped decliners by a rate of 5 to 4.
The market opened lower, as stocks drifted in the morning, but found a little momentum in the afternoon as bank shares bounced and investors digested the minutes from the last Federal Reserve meeting.
The Fed’s March meeting minutes showed officials saw signs of a strengthening recovery while saying it could be hobbled by high unemployment and tight credit. Most members seemed to agree that conditions "were likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period."
Financials gained the most in the S&P 500 among 10 key groups, led by bank stocks. Large-cap bank shares, like Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) and JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), were raised to “market weight” from “underweight” at Wells Fargo, citing that fundamentals and the economy support a more positive outlook. Regional banks also moved higher after Credit Suisse made bullish comments regarding SunTrust (NYSE:STI), as a possible takeover target from an overseas firm.
Alcoa (NYSE:AA), the aluminum producer posted the biggest advanced in the blue chip index as shares jumped 2.04% to $15.03. Commodities prices moved higher on signs that the economic recovery is gathering strength and the Fed will keep interest rates low in order to protect it. Alcoa will kick off the official earnings season April 12
Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), the largest U.S. lender, posted the second biggest advance in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Shares of Bank of America climbed 1.99% to $18.49 after Wells Fargo upgraded the banking group and said that the Charlotte, NC is best positioned to capitalized as investors turn their focus away from damage control and toward normalized earnings.
JPMorgan (NYSE:JPM), the 2
 largest U.S. lender, was the 3
 best Dow component as shares gained on the back of gains in the group. JPMorgan advanced 1.10% to $45.84, after Wells Fargo said that less fear of regulatory problems and solid valuations should drive banks higher.
American Express (NYSE:AXP), the card issuer and travel company, posted the 4
 best gain in the blue chip index. American Express climbed 1.05% to $43.12. Shares of American Express traded higher close to its 52-week high of $43.25, as strength on the financial sector lifted the shares.
The fifth best Dow component was Dupont (NYSE:DD). Shares of the life science company gained 1.02% to $38.81 after Bank of America/Merrill Lynch global research raised its rating on the stock to "neutral" from "underperform."
 Google 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Linkedin 
 Yahoo 
 Del.icoi.us 
 Windows Live 
