Stocks Rise a Bit as Fed Leaves Rates Alone - Investing - Short Term Investing - SmartMoney.com
Friday April 23, 2010 
BUILD YOUR LIFE PLAN: Get control of your finances with our interactive planner.
 Published March 16, 2010 | 
 Market Update 
by 
) 
Stocks Rise a Bit as Fed Leaves Rates Alone
Stocks Notched Small Gains
 Tuesday after the Federal Reserve said it would leave the benchmark interest rate at a record low.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average stood up 44 points at 10686. The S&P 500 was up 9 at 1159, and the Nasdaq was up 16 at 2378.
The Fed held the federal funds rate at 0.00% to 0.25% and echoed its promise to keep rates low for an "extended period."
"With substantial resource slack continuing to restrain cost pressures and longer-term inflation expectations stable, inflation is likely to be subdued for some time," the Fed wrote in its 
The session began with promising economic data. Investors were relieved to see U.S. import prices last month post their first monthly drop since July and reducing the specter of inflationary pressures.
With the recent strength in the dollar, "people were worried the import prices would begin to move higher and that would be another catalyst for the Fed to possibly raise rates sooner, or at least signal raising rates sooner to counter inflation, but we clearly didn't get that," said Burt White, chief investment officer at LPL Financial.
Separately, the Commerce Department said housing starts decreased 5.9% to a seasonally adjusted 575,000 annual rate compared to the prior month. Economists had expected a lower annual rate of 563,000.
) also rose, extending its gains from Monday.
Among stocks in focus, 
) rose after announcing a special dividend of $1 a share.
) rebounded slightly despite being downgraded to sell by Goldman Sachs. On Monday, Boston Scientific suspended the sale of some defibrillators.
In other markets, crude-oil prices rose $1.98 a barrel to $81.78, while gold futures were stronger. The dollar weakened against both the yen and the euro. Treasurys declined, with 10-year note down to yield 3.65%.
Dow Jones Newswires contributed to this report.
Retire Cash-Rich: CDs With a Kick
Money-Market Funds: Down to Zero
After Goldman, Is It Time to Sell Banks?
 Find More Articles About:
Short Term Investing
 Follow SmartMoney on 
 & More: 
Trackback URL for this story:
http://www.smartmoney.com/tb/Jdiq.2FN8.3D
What is a Trackback?
It is a way to tell us that you have published something that references this story.
How do I send a Trackback?
 If you blog or mention this story on your website, you can use this Trackback URL to notify us about it. Some blogging software programs can help in sending a Trackback to us.
 to read more about Trackbacks.
The first rule of investing? Investors rule. Get the help and straightforward pricing investors deserve at Schwab.
Offer employees Aflac and improve your benefits package at no direct cost.
Ally Bank - competitive rates to help you save more. FDIC insured.
Economy Survey Corp International Country Reports
Learn how AXA can help your retirement income keep pace with changing interest rates.
MFS®. A broad range of funds for advisors and their clients. Since 1924.
SmartMoney Magazine - A smart investment. Subscribe for only $1 an issue.
MetLife Variable Annuities can provide income for life. Find out how.
See how you can save money with Sallie Mae's® Smart Option Student Loan®
Trade Options, Stocks and Futures in One Account at optionsXpress
Find helpful answers to important financial questions
View all charts for tickers in this story
 See how the stocks on this page stack up.
More on DailyFinance >
