Apple: Analysts' Upgrades, Downgrades, April 5
 04/05/10 09:07 AM EDT
 (AA:NYSE) downgraded at Deutsche from Buy to Hold. $18 price target. One-time events are offsetting the company's benefit from higher aluminum prices.
Ameriprise Financial
 (AMP:NYSE) rated new Neutral at Goldman Sachs. $40 price target. Assets are growing and the company can gain market share in the IRA space.

 (CREE:NYSE) upgraded at UBS from Neutral to Buy. Estimates also upped, given higher expected LED demand. $92 price target.

 (CSC:NYSE) downgraded at Kaufman from Buy to Hold. $58 price target. Company may fall short of sales growth targets.

 (GNW:NYSE) target boosted at Barclays to $22. Mortgage insurers should benefit from new mortgage loan modifications. Overweight rating.

 (GNW:NYSE) downgraded at Deutsche from Buy to Hold. Valuation call, based on a $19 price target. Stock is up 63% since 2010.

 (JACK:NYSE) rated new Equal-weight at Barclays. $23 price target. Stock could be range-bound in the coming quarters.

 (JNPR:NYSE) upgraded at Wells to Outperform. Estimates also boosted, as the company should show strong earnings momentum in its upcoming report.
 (MWW:NYSE) downgraded at Goldman to Sell. $14 price target. Company has lost market share and pricing for recruitment adds will likely not fully recover.

 (SF:NYSE) downgraded at FBR from Outperform to Market Perform. $60 price target. Valuation call, as there is limited near-term upside to expectations.
 (TDG:NYSE) upgraded at Credit Suisse from Neutral to Outperform. $65 price target. Company has superior and more reliable growth than its peers.

 (TSO:NYSE) downgraded at Deutsche to Hold. $15 price target. Company will be hurt by recent tragic accident.

 (WBMD:NYSE) upgraded at Goldman from Sell to Neutral. $47 price target. Estimates also upped, as pharma advertising will continue to move online. 
STOCK COMMENTS / EPS CHANGES

 (AAPL:NYSE) numbers raised at JP Morgan. Price target raised to $305 from $240. 2010 EPS estimates raised to $12.74 from $11.59.

 (AAPL:NYSE) estimates, target raised at Kaufman. Shares of AAPL now seen reaching $295. Estimates also boosted, because of expected strong iPad sales. Buy rating. 
 (BMC:NYSE) estimates upped at Goldman. BMC estimates were increased through 2012. Company should see margin growth and also benefit from share buybacks. Neutral rating and $43 price target.

Edwards Lifesciences
 (EW:NYSE) target upped at Credit Suisse. Shares of EW now seen reaching $112. Favorable jury award regarding a valve patent will help the company going forward. Outperform rating.

 (GLW:NYSE) estimates, target raised at Goldman. Shares of GLW now seen reaching $24. Estimates also increased, given a tight supply outlook for LCD glass. Buy rating.

 (HIG:NYSE) estimates raised at FBR. HIG estimates were increased through 2011. Company is keeping costs down and can generate a higher ROE. Market Perform rating and $29 price target.

 (KMX:NYSE) estimates, target upped at Goldman. KMX estimates were increased through 2011. Company seeing higher sales and gross margin. Sell rating and new $24 price target.

 (MON:NYSE) estimates, target lowered at UBS. MON estimates were cut through 2011. Company will have low pricing for new products. Buy rating and new $89 price target.

 (MOS:NYSE) estimates, target lowered at Goldman. MOS estimates were reduced through 2012. Company is seeing lower phosphate volumes and margins. Buy rating and new $68 price target.

 (MOS:NYSE) estimates, target boosted at UBS. Shares of MOS now seen reaching $67. Estimates also raised, as the company is seeing higher volumes. Neutral rating.
 (SD:NYSE) estimates cut at UBS through 2011. ARD acquisition should cut into earnings. Buy rating and $10 price target.

 (VALE:NYSE) estimates, target raised at Goldman. Shares of VALE now seen reaching $47. Estimates also boosted, given the new iron ore pricing structure. Buy rating.
 (WCC:NYSE) numbers boosted at Credit Suisse. Shares of WCC now seen reaching $40. Estimates also raised, as the company is positioned to benefit from an industrial recovery. Neutral rating. 
Try a 30-day FREE trial to RealMoney.com!
