U.S. Stock-Index Futures Drop; Alcoa, Forest Laboratories Fall - BusinessWeek
Within the last week
Within the last 2 weeks
Within the last 30 days
Within the last 60 days
Within the last 90 days
Within the last 180 days
Within the last year
Within the last two years
Friday April 23, 2010
U.S. Stock-Index Futures Drop; Alcoa, Forest Laboratories Fall
April 08, 2010, 8:49 AM EDT
More From Businessweek
By Sarah Jones and Whitney Kisling
 April 8 (Bloomberg) -- U.S. stock-index futures declined, indicating the Standard & Poor&rsquo;s 500 Index will extend the biggest drop in six weeks, as mounting speculation Greece may default heightened concern about the strength of the recovery.
 Alcoa Inc. and Century Aluminum Co. fell as base metals retreated in London. Forest Laboratories Inc. slumped 9.5 percent after the drugmaker failed to win backing to sell a new lung treatment. U.S. stocks fell after a report that initial jobless claims rose more than forecast last week. US Airways Group Inc. surged 20 percent as the carrier was said to be in merger talks with UAL Corp.&rsquo;s United Airlines.
 Futures on the S&P 500 expiring in June lost 0.5 percent to 1,173.3 at 8:44 a.m. in New York. Dow Jones Industrial Average futures retreated 0.4 percent to 10,806 and Nasdaq-100 Index futures declined 0.3 percent to 1,968.5.
 &ldquo;Sentiment remains fragile about the macro environment and the potential for further disruption to the global financial system,&rdquo; said London-based Henk Potts at Barclays Stockbrokers Ltd., which oversees about $218 billion. &ldquo;The contagion effect is perhaps the biggest concern when it comes to Greece and that it will spill over into Spain and Portugal.&rdquo;
 U.S. stocks tumbled yesterday after bigger-than-estimated decrease in consumer credit sent Visa Inc. and American Express Co. lower and concern grew that a European Union rescue package for Greece may unravel.
 Greek Bonds Fall
 Greek bonds dropped for a seventh day today, driving the 10-year yield premium to German bunds to the most since the euro&rsquo;s debut, after Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou was reported as saying there will be no need for additional measures to shore up the nation&rsquo;s finances. Credit-default swaps on Greece&rsquo;s government debt climbed 32 basis points to a record 445.5, according to CMA DataVision prices.
 Initial jobless applications unexpectedly increased 18,000 to 460,000 last week, Labor Department figures showed today in Washington. The median economic forecast was for 435,000, according to a Bloomberg survey.
 Alcoa, the largest U.S. aluminum producer, lost 0.7 percent to $14.67 while Century Aluminum slipped 1.4 percent to $15.80.
 Copper fell for a second day on the London Metal Exchange as the dollar strengthened and investors and traders judged that a rally to a 20-month high was excessive because it was unmatched by demand growth. Gold dropped for the first time in four days.
 Forest Laboratories sank 9.5 percent to $29.39 after failing to win a U.S. panel&rsquo;s backing to sell a treatment for flare-ups of a common lung ailment.
 Safety Data
 The benefits and safety data for the medicine don&rsquo;t support approval for people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, outside advisers to the Food and Drug Administration said in a 10-5 vote yesterday. While the agency usually follows the advice of its panels, it isn&rsquo;t required to do so.
 Piper Jaffray Cos. lowered its recommendation for Forest Laboratories to &ldquo;underweight&rdquo; from &ldquo;neutral.&rdquo;
 Abercrombie & Fitch Co., the U.S. teen-apparel retailer, lost 3.9 percent to $45.69 after reporting same-store sales that rose less than Retail Metrics estimate.
 EBay Inc. was cut to &ldquo;hold&rdquo; from &ldquo;buy&rdquo; by Kaufman Bros. Shares of the online marketplace fell 1.6 percent to $26.44.
 US Airways jumped 17 percent to $8.01 in early trading and UAL rallied 6.5 percent to $20.19. United Airlines and US Airways are holding talks on a merger that would reshape the U.S. industry, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 Discussions began in mid-February on the tie-up, which would help United steer travelers to international flights from US Airways&rsquo; domestic routes, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the negotiations are private. Spokesmen for the companies declined to comment.
--Editor: Joanna Ossinger
To contact the reporters on this story: Sarah Jones in London at sjones35@bloomberg.net; Whitney Kisling in New York at wkisling@bloomberg.net.
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Nick Baker at nbaker7@bloomberg.net.
 Related topics in 
Most Popular Stories
Stock Picks: Chipotle, eBay, Netflix, Qualcomm
It's About Time: Adobe Divests from iPhone OS
After 79% Jump, Are Stocks Still Cheap?
Apple's Endless Expanding App Universe
A Wobbly Global Debut for Apple's iPad
RSS Feed: Most Read Stories
Potentially Lethal Airborne Fungus May Spread to California - BusinessWeek
Can GE Still Manage? - BusinessWeek
Why Boulder Is America's Best Town for Startups - BusinessWeek
Apple's Endless Expanding App Universe - BusinessWeek
After 79% Jump, Are Stocks Still Cheap? - BusinessWeek
RSS Feed: Most E-mailed Stories
It's About Time: Adobe Divests from iPhone OS
A Wobbly Global Debut for Apple's iPad
Can Meg Whitman's CEO Savvy Save California?
After 79% Jump, Are Stocks Still Cheap?
RSS Feed: Most Discussed Stories
