TradersHuddle.com - Stocks Fell on Last Day of A Great Quarter on Signs of Slower Growth. Dow Laggards: CSCO, MSFT, DD, BA, and AA | Stocks
 Stocks Fell on Last Day of A Great Quarter on Signs of Slower Growth. Dow Laggards: CSCO, MSFT, DD, BA, and AA 
 Written by Christoper Lynn 
 Wednesday, 31 March 2010 17:31	
 (TradersHuddle.com) – Stocks slid on the last day of a great quarter, after a private employment and manufacturing reports disappointed investors as they signaled slower growth than what the market was anticipating.
The market opened lower after payroll firm, ADP, released its monthly report on private sector employment. The report was weaker than expected, as employers cut 23,000 jobs versus expectations of an increase of 40,000 jobs. The ADP report caused jitter, as the report is seen as a preview of the important government March jobs report due out later in the week.
Stocks extended declines after the Chicago Purchasing Manager's index dropped to 58.5 in March from 62.6 in February. The market pared their losses after a report showed factory orders climbed 0.6% in February, double the expected increase.
The energy sector was among the best performers as crude oil topped $83 a barrel, and President Barack Obama announced his administration will allow drilling off the coast of states that do not have state laws preventing it. Banks, like Dow component, Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) eked out gains after as loan losses showed signs of stabilization and speculation that an eventual rise in interest rates would help earnings.
24 of 30 Dow components posted declines, with shares of Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO), the networking giant, falling 2.33% to $26.03, bringing the tech sector down. Cisco said today it has launched a new line of consumer-friendly home wi-fi routers under a new brand name of  "Valet. The company said its focus would be on ease of use.
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), the largest software maker in the world, also retreated pulling the tech sector lower. Shares of Microsoft slid 1.62% to $29.2875.
The third worst Dow component was Dupont (NYSE:DD), the third largest U.S. chemical company, fell 1.43% to $37.24. Dupont shares have been moving lower after posting a 52-week high of $39.04 last week.
The fourth worst Dow component was Boeing (NYSE:BA), as shares of the 2
 largest aircraft maker, retreated 1.25% to $72.61. Boeing shares have been trading close to its 52-week high of $74.53, which was posted early this week.
The fifth biggest decline in the blue chip index was Alcoa (NYSE:AA). The aluminum producer shares lost 1.11% to $14.24. Alcoa shares moved lower a day after Moody's confirmed the company’s "Baa3" rating, citing that earnings should improve on cost-cutting and moderate improvements in the aluminum industry. The rating agency also gave the company a "negative" outlook because of factors like high inventories and the possibility of a correction in aluminum prices.
 Google 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Linkedin 
 Yahoo 
 Del.icoi.us 
 Windows Live 
