= Alcoa Works On Concentrating Solar Tech, Other Renewables | TradingMarkets.com 
 New ETF Book by Larry Connors - 
Click here to read more
 
= Alcoa Works On Concentrating Solar Tech, Other Renewables
Posted on: Fri, 19 Mar 2010 16:27:16 EDT
 Do you know when to trade 
 ? 
 Check for a 
 from TradingMarkets 
 NEW YORK, Mar 19, 2010 (Dow Jones Commodities News Select via Comtex) -- 
By Yuliya Chernova Of DOW JONES CLEAN TECHNOLOGY INSIGHT 
) hopes in two to three years to start manufacturing of concentrating solar-power systems, the most advanced in a line of renewable-energy products the aluminum company is developing, according to its executives. 
"One of the things we do on the technology side is we are constantly trying to figure out where are the new applications for aluminum," said Eric Winter, director of Development Laboratories at Alcoa Technical Center, in an interview with Clean Technology Insight. 
To that end, the Pittsburgh-based company has developed a concentrating solar-power unit, or solar thermal unit, that uses aluminum instead of glass mirrors to concentrate sunlight on a liquid to heat it up. Its selling point would be that it costs 20% less to manufacture and yet is as or more efficient than current technologies, said Winter. The company is now testing the technology to prove that this is so. 
"It's our full intent to reach commercialization in the next two to three years," said Scott Kerns, vice president and general manager at Alcoa, in an interview. Manufacturing would take place either "at an existing Alcoa plant or potentially closer to a job site," he said. 
Capacity would depend on the project for which Alcoa would be making these units. "Depending on how large that solar field is, we could certainly head down a 100-megawatt scale of a plan," said Kerns. 
(This story and related background material will be available on The Wall Street Journal Web site, WSJ.com.) 
In its research and development efforts, the company is also exploring "several aspects of solar," wind, energy storage, and transmission, according to Winter. "Aluminum has a long history going into high-tension transmission; we're evaluating that," he said. 
The solar thermal product "is the one that got closest to commercialization," said Winter. The company received a $2.1 million grant in 2007 from the U.S. Department of Energy to validate its system together with the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. 
Several solar-thermal technologies are trying to break through in the market, but investors in projects that plan to utilize such systems are voicing concern over the novelty of the equipment. But Winter said that Alcoa's "historical base" and ability to borrow proven technologies for this application would help "allay some of the fears around the introduction of a whole new technology." 
For Alcoa, the solar thermal product has "been in the top 10 to top 15 projects in terms of levels of funding and levels of effort," said Winter. The executives declined to say specifically how much the company has invested in the effort. 
The system has been in the field at NREL for about a month, said Winter. Researchers are collecting data to ensure that the system heats up the liquid to the necessary temperatures. 
"We are hoping to at least meet and if not exceed the performance of the existing systems," said Winter, "But we're also expecting that from a cost standpoint this can be a significantly lower cost opportunity for solar thermal." 
The system would both move through production faster and be assembled in an easier way, using technology and practices from the automotive and aerospace industries, according to the executives. 
The 20% cost saving compared to standard doesn't take into account any savings Alcoa would have by drawing on its own aluminum, compared with a manufacturer that has to buy from third parties, the executives said. 
Results from the first phase of testing with NREL will be complete in the second quarter of this year. The company will then look at how to improve the technology, the executives said. 
(Dow Jones Clean Technology Insight covers news about public and private clean-technology and alternative-energy companies.) 
-By Yuliya Chernova, Dow Jones Clean Technology Insight; Yuliya.chernova@dowjones.com 
(END) Dow Jones Newswires 
For full details on Alcoa Inc (AA) 
. Alcoa Inc (AA) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Alcoa Inc (AA) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
Learn new strategies, how to trade in this market, and the stocks you should be focusing on each day. Join us for our 
 20 minute tele-seminars during the week.
 Thursday April 29 12:30 PM 
Hear What Kevin Haggerty Sees in the Stock Market Today!
 Wednesday April 28 01:00 PM 
Hear What Gary Kaltbaum Sees in the Stock Market Today!
 * Attendance is strictly limited and are filled on a first-come, first-served basis. 
