Heavy metal stocks and the recovery: Alcoa (AA), Caterpillar (CAT), AK Steel (AKS) | ONN.tv
Practical Options Trader
Time to Target Price:
Show Potential Trades
 Stocks vs. Options: Which generates better returns? 
 Plug in your stock idea to find options trades offering a potentially better ROI. 
Learn more about the OptionFinder
 Enter a stock ticker symbol above 
 to find charts, news, and analysis. 
This box will populate with tickers you recently viewed by using the &quot;Get Quotes&quot; search box at the top of the page.
 VIX 
 Dow (DJX) 
 Nasdaq (NDX) 
 S&P; 500 (SPX) 
5 Ways That Options Can Make You a Better Stock Trader
 NEW TO OPTIONS?
 Visit our New to Options page to learn more. 
Find out more &raquo;
Heavy metal stocks and the recovery: Alcoa (AA), Caterpillar (CAT), AK Steel (AKS)
Today’s notes on what these names tell us about the future
 by 
Industrial and materials-centric stocks are always worth watching for signs about the strength of this cyclical recovery. Here are today’s notes on three important names.
 was downgraded today by Deutsche Bank from &#8220;Buy&#8221; to &#8220;Hold&#8221; with analyst Jorge Beristain citing higher energy costs and European Union fines as two of a “series of one-off business impacts.” He lowered his price target to $18 per share from $25. Alcoa kicks off the second-quarter earnings season next week and Beristain is expecting only 10-cent EPS from the company, versus the street consensus of 14 cents.
AA shares have sustained the blow and are trading either side of unchanged today, which is a good sign that they will likely continue their strong uptrend while the economy is still in the early stages of this cyclical recovery. One trading strategy for Alcoa shares that has been successfully repeated in AA options for the past few months during this bullish run has been the cash-secured put. See the Trading Idea column for a 
 shares are making new 52-week highs today above $64.52 as positive manufacturing data continues to surprise economists and investors. Despite a roll call of large employers coming out with their projections for cost impacts from President Obama&#8217;s healthcare bill, these companies are leading the hiring charge. 
noted this morning that CAT is planning to bring back 500 of its laid off workers to expand production at a generator plant in Newberry, South Carolina.
Part of CAT’s survival strategy in the downturn of 2008 was massive layoffs that lead to critical cost-savings and allowed reinvestment in key operations to take advantage of emerging markets’ growth. For more on the global growth strategy of CAT, see the following article:
Emerging Markets Drive Global Recovery: CAT and ETN
AK Steel Holding (NYSE: 
has been up nearly 5% today, likely on sentiment that as a group, steel stocks will not be as negatively impacted by last week’s iron ore pricing agreements, which were initially perceived as potentially damaging to the steel-makers’ margins. The CEO was interviewed on 
 following his company’s opening bell celebration of their 15th year listed on the NYSE. He spoke optimistically of his company’s place in the global recovery and noted that of the 1,200 workers they had laid off during the recession, all but 30 have been brought back to work.
The record demand for iron ore and steel, especially from emerging markets like China, has sparked the industry to ramp up capacity. And last week’s iron ore pricing agreements, which seemed to favor the miners like BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto, and VALE with quarterly re-sets at market rates, are being absorbed positively by analysts as they are perceived as part of larger volumes overall for the steel makers during this industrial resurgence.
For more on iron ore as a “barometer” of global industrial health, read&#8230;
Copper as Ph.D, Iron Ore as Undergrad
And for this morning’s interesting options action in AKS, see&#8230;
AKS Option Call Volume Spikes
More in Buy and Trade
S&P 500 (SPX) chart levels: ...
9 reasons Apple (AAPL) will domi...
Related Symbols - Recent Coverage
Latest Trading Ideas
OptionsHouse e-Learn Webinar Series
View All Webinars...
 &copy; 2010 PEAK6 Media, LLC. All rights reserved
 OptionsHouse, LLC is affiliated with 
 (Options News Network) through their parent company, PEAK6 Investments, L.P. Brokerage services are offered through OptionsHouse, LLC.	Please read 
Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options
, copies of which can also be obtained by contacting OptionsHouse Customer Service Department at 
customerservice@optionshouse.com
