UPDATE 1-Nokia says wins China deals worth over $2 bln
| Reuters 
Potentially deadly fungus spreading in U.S. and Canada
North Korea torpedoed South's navy ship: report
UPDATE 2-'South Park' airs 'censored' episode after threat
Biggest study on cellphone health effects launched
U.S. to WellPoint: Stop dropping breast cancer patients
Durable goods orders ex-transport, home sales up
Wall Street gives much to lawmakers in reform debate
Oil spill contained, search for 11 continues
Greece presses "help" button, markets still wary
Lenovo emerges as leading candidate for Palm: sources
Potentially deadly fungus spreading in U.S. and Canada
U.S. to WellPoint: Stop dropping breast cancer patients
Police barred from penis enlargement
Biggest study on cellphone health effects launched
North Korea torpedoed South's navy ship: report
U.S. students suffering from Internet addiction: study
Privacy chiefs keep watch over Facebook
Legalizing pot may kill buzz in California enclave
UPDATE 2-'South Park' airs 'censored' episode after threat
Durable goods orders ex-transport, home sales up
UPDATE 1-Nokia says wins China deals worth over $2 bln
Thu Apr 1, 2010 9:47am EDT
 * Signs over $2 bln in distribution deals
 * Value of PTAC contract falls for third straight year
 * Nokia shares rise 1.8 percent 
 (Adds details, share price)
 HELSINKI, April 1 (Reuters) - The world's largest mobile
phone maker Nokia (
) said on Thursday it had won handset
deals with distributors in China worth over $2 billion.
 A spokesman said one agreement was with China PTAC, worth
over $1 billion, and the other was with Telling
Telecommunication Holding Co. Ltd., also worth over $1 billion.
 Nokia usually announces such deals in China once a year. The
value of the agreement with PTAC fell for the third straight
year, and was down sharply versus the 2009 figure of $1.76
billion.
 China was Nokia's third largest sales area in 2009 with
revenues of 6.4 billion euros ($8.6 billion), flat year-on-year.
 Nokia shares traded up 1.8 percent at 11.74 euros at 1333
GMT, keeping pace with a firmer Dow Jones Stoxx Technology index
.SX8P. ($1=.7414 Euro) (Reporting by Brett Young; Editing by Hans Peters) 
BUY OR SELL-Microsoft may have peaked too soon
 SEATTLE, April 23 (Reuters) - Shares of Microsoft Corp dipped on Friday, even though the company's quarterly
earnings beat Wall Street's average estimates the day before,
as short-term investors took profits after a recent run-up to
two-year highs.
&#187; More Top News
Does the SEC have a case?
Frustration with Wall Street shouldn't be confused with the strength of the SEC's case against Goldman Sachs, writes legal expert Charles K. Whitehead. 
Apple over Microsoft by a TKO
Apple's shares are now 80 times what they were in 1997 while Microsoft's have barely doubled. A Silicon Valley insider explains why. 
