Business & Financial News, Breaking US & International News | Reuters.com
Communications Equipment
NOK on New York Consolidated
Price Change	(% chg)
Latest Key Developments
 Nokia Corporation's And Siemens AG's Nokia Siemens Networks Signs Deal With Mobile Telesystems-DJ
Dow Jones reported that Nokia Siemens Networks, a Joint Venture company of Nokia Corporation and Siemens AG has signed a full operation and maintenance managed services contract with Mobile TeleSystems. Mobile TeleSystems will outsource the daily operation and maintenance of its entire mobile network across Central Russia to Nokia Siemens Networks. Contract is a five year managed services deal and Mobile TeleSystems will transfer around 250 employees to Nokia Siemens Networks. 
 Smartphone Competition Hits Nokia Corporation, Shares Dive; Cuts FY 2010 Profit Outlook-Reuters
Thursday, 22 Apr 2010 09:13am EDT
Reuters reported that Nokia Corporation cut its profit outlook and delayed the launch of phones it needs to compete with the iPhone and Blackberry. The Company cut the outlook for its fiscal 2010 operating profit margin at its key phone unit to 11%-13%. 
 Nokia Corporation's And Siemens AG's Nokia Siemens Networks In EUR750 Million Pact With China Mobile, China Unicom-DJ
Thursday, 22 Apr 2010 07:16am EDT
Dow Jones reported that Nokia Siemens Networks, a Joint Venture company of Nokia Corporation and Siemens AG said that China Mobile Communications Corp (China Mobile) and China United Network Telecommuncations Corp (China Unicom) have signed frame agreements worth EUR750 million to continue purchasing GSM, WCDMA and TD-SCDMA mobile network equipment and solutions from Nokia Siemens Networks. The agreements reinforce the vendor's ties with the two Chinese operators, who signed similar agreements last year. Under the scope of the current agreements, China Mobile plans to purchase Nokia Siemens Networks' GSM and TD-SCDMA network equipment, and its IP Multimedia Subsystem solution. China Unicom will source Nokia Siemens Networks' GSM and WCDMA equipment, as well as its HSPA solution, while continuing to purchase direct tunnel packet core technology. 
 Nokia Corporation To Launch Nokia C, Nokia X In India-Business Standard
Wednesday, 21 Apr 2010 09:30am EDT
Business Standard reported that Nokia Corporation said it would roll out two new phone series 'Nokia X' and 'Nokia C' within this quarter in India to widen its handset portfolio. Apart from this, the Company also plans to launch new mobile handset fitted with linux based Maemo software in the country within the next two to three months. Meanwhile, the Company also launched four new affordable mobile phones -Nokia 2690, Nokia 1800, Nokia 1616 and Nokia 1280 for entry level consumers. 
 Nokia Oyj and Siemens AG Joint Venture Wins Qatari Third Generation Upgrade Deal-Reuters
Tuesday, 20 Apr 2010 04:12am EDT
Reuters reported that Nokia Oyj and Siemens AG joint venture, Nokia Siemens Networks, has received a third generation (3G) network upgrade deal from Qatar Telecom. The value of the deal was not disclosed. 
 Nokia Oyj and Siemens AG Joint Venture Receives Order from T-Mobile and 3-DJ
Friday, 16 Apr 2010 05:33am EDT
Dow Jones reported that Nokia Oyj and Siemens AG's joint venture Nokia Siemens Networks has received an order worth GBP 400 million from T-Mobile and 3 to expand the operators' third-generation (3G) joint network in the United Kingdom. 
 Nokia Oyj's and Siemens AG's Joint Venture Receives Contract from Telefonica o2 Germany-Reuters
Thursday, 15 Apr 2010 04:04am EDT
Reuters reported that Nokia Siemens Networks, a Joint Venture company of Nokia Oyj and Siemens AG, has received a contract from Telefonica o2 Germany for extending its network capacity across Germany in preparation for future traffic growth. The deal includes network implementation, project management and logistics. It is also extending existing supplier contracts with Telefonica o2 for second-and third-generation technology. No financial details were announced. 
 Nokia Corporation Launches Three New Mobile Phones-DJ
Tuesday, 13 Apr 2010 04:22am EDT
Dow Jones reported that Nokia Corporation is launching three new mobile phones, intended to offer strong messaging and social networking tools at an affordable price. The Nokia C3 device, which is built on Nokia's Series 40 platform, has a full QWERTY keyboard and gives access to social networking services Facebook and Twitter on the homescreen. 
 Nokia Oyj's and Siemens AG's Joint Venture Collaborates with Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd. in Taiwan-DJ
Monday, 12 Apr 2010 01:03am EDT
Dow Jones reported that Nokia Siemens Networks, a joint venture between Nokia Oyj and Siemens AG, is collaborating with Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd. on a live FDD-LTE trial in Taiwan in a move to advance the development of new generation mobile broadband. For the trial, Nokia Siemens Networks is providing commercial platforms for FDD-LTE, enabling Chunghwa Telecom to evaluate this technology as a natural evolution path for WCDMA. Nokia Siemens Networks will provide all necessary LTE equipment including core network and base stations, based on commercial platforms, and will also provide related technical support. 
 Nokia Oyj Completes Acquisition Of Novarra, Inc.
Friday, 9 Apr 2010 11:25am EDT
Nokia Oyj announced that it has completed the acquisition of Novarra, Inc., initially announced on March 26, 2010. Novarra's mobile browser and services platform will be used by Nokia to deliver enhanced Internet experiences on Nokia Series 40 mobile phones. 
BUY OR SELL-Free navigation finally to hit TomTom?
 AMSTERDAM, April 23 (Reuters) - Shares in Dutch navigation
device maker TomTom suffered another blow after the
world's top cellphone maker Nokia said 10 million of
its smartphone users had downloaded free navigation on their
phones.
&#187; More NOK News
&#187; More Financials
