Going long Nokia (NYSE: NOK) using options | ONN.tv
The OptionsHouse Angle
Time to Target Price:
Show Potential Trades
 Stocks vs. Options: Which generates better returns? 
 Plug in your stock idea to find options trades offering a potentially better ROI. 
Learn more about the OptionFinder
 Enter a stock ticker symbol above 
 to find charts, news, and analysis. 
This box will populate with tickers you recently viewed by using the &quot;Get Quotes&quot; search box at the top of the page.
 VIX 
 Dow (DJX) 
 Nasdaq (NDX) 
 S&P; 500 (SPX) 
5 Ways That Options Can Make You a Better Stock Trader
 NEW TO OPTIONS?
 Visit our New to Options page to learn more. 
Find out more &raquo;
Going long Nokia (NYSE: NOK) using options
Morning option trade alert: Bullish Nokia options action spikes volume out of the gate
 by 
Shares of wireless communications company
 Nokia Corp. (NYSE: 
 are down so far on the day, but at least one investor appears to have taken a bullish stance on the name and boosted options volume out of the gate on Thursday.
At 9:45 a.m. EST, a block of 25,000 May 14-15 synthetic long stock (split strikes) spreads changed hands for a premium of 34 cents per spread. A look at time and sales shows the May 14 puts traded at the bid price of 45 cents while the May 15 calls simultaneously hit the tape for the ask price of 79 cents per contract. The 14-strike puts are home to current open interest of 2,300 contracts while the 15-strike calls are home to current open interest of 3,800 contracts, indicating investors traded these options to open. In this trade, also called a bullish risk reversal, investors simulate a long stock position by selling puts and finance the call purchase. For a visual of the risk/reward dynamics and profit/loss parameters of this spread, open your own free 
virtual trading account 
today. If you&#8217;re also bullish on NOK and want to trade this spread or buy stock, why not save money on 
commission-free trades
The May 14 puts are currently up eight cents while the May 15 calls have dropped 15 cents on the day. Implied volatility of the calls and puts is roughly 37% compared to the stock&#8217;s 30-day historical volatility of just 20%.
NOK shares have dropped 21 cents, or more than 1%, to $15.28 so far this morning following a 
Wall Street Journal 
report that said the company launched free music service in China. NOK is due to announce earnings on April 22 before the market opens, and analysts estimate earnings of 20 cents a share.
Limited upside in Gap (NYSE: GPS...
Puts heat up in CVS (NYSE: CVS) ...
Related Symbols - Recent Coverage
Latest Trading Ideas
OptionsHouse e-Learn Webinar Series
View All Webinars...
 &copy; 2010 PEAK6 Media, LLC. All rights reserved
 OptionsHouse, LLC is affiliated with 
 (Options News Network) through their parent company, PEAK6 Investments, L.P. Brokerage services are offered through OptionsHouse, LLC.	Please read 
Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options
, copies of which can also be obtained by contacting OptionsHouse Customer Service Department at 
customerservice@optionshouse.com
