 NI Technology Updates Outlooks for Motorola, Nokia, Dell, Ericsson and Tellabs -- PRINCETON, N.J., March 15 /PRNewswire/ --
 Products & Services 
 News Releases 
 Send a release 
 Member sign in 
 Become a member 
 For journalists 
 Global sites 
Products & Services
Browse News Releases
See more news releases in: 
Computer Electronics
Carriers and Services
Telecommunications Industry
Wireless Communications
Investments Opinions
NI Technology Updates Outlooks for Motorola, Nokia, Dell, Ericsson and Tellabs
 /PRNewswire/ -- Next Inning Technology Research (
http://www.nextinning.com
 ), an online investment newsletter focused on semiconductor and technology stocks, announced it has updated outlooks for Motorola (NYSE: 
), Ericsson (Nasdaq: 
) and Tellabs ( TLAB).
 has displayed uncanny accuracy in identifying winners and losers during this challenging and historic period for the markets. &#160;After logging a very successful 2009, McWilliams is now intently focused on the catalysts that will generate profits in 2010. &#160;
Most recently, McWilliams identified the timing of the market's latest dip and rebound for Next Inning readers in his quarterly Strategy Review. McWilliams has also just published a special report in the emerging and volatile solar energy sector that identifies the key drivers for the industry as well as likely winners and losers. &#160;These reports, as well as McWilliams' regular commentary, are available for free to trial subscribers.
In addition, a Next Inning trial subscription also offers access to the "10 Tech Trends for 2010" special report, in which McWilliams lays out this year's key tech sector stories from cloud computing to virtualization to data centers and solid state drives, and McWilliams' highly acclaimed State of Tech reports that offer in-depth sector by sector coverage of over 65 leading tech companies and McWilliams' specific guidance on which stocks he thinks investors should own and which should be avoided. &#160;Finally, subscribers will have access to McWilliams' daily commentary and actionable alerts that have been providing frequent profit opportunities for Next Inning subscribers for years. &#160;To take advantage of this offer and receive these reports for free, please visit the following link:
https://www.nextinning.com/subscribe/index.php?refer=prn981
McWilliams covers these topics and more in his recent reports:
-- In a special report, McWilliams analyzes whether or not Palm is really a valid acquisition target and, if so, which companies are the best positioned suitors. &#160;Analysts have predicted Motorola, Dell or Nokia will show an interest in Palm now that its price has dropped so significantly. &#160;Does McWilliams think acquiring Palm would be a smart move for these companies? Which companies does McWilliams think might be even better positioned to benefit from acquiring Palm? &#160;What does he think Palm will cost an acquiring company?
-- Why might Nokia be poised to reemerge as a much more viable smartphone player after ceding the spotlight to Apple, RIM and others? &#160;Does McWilliams think RIM has a strategy to reinvigorate its business model? &#160;What does McWilliams think it should do?
-- Should Dell make a foray into the handset markets or is there a better strategy for Dell to pursue?
-- Tellabs has nearly doubled since McWilliams called it a good buy a bit over a year ago. &#160;With the stock now approaching his targeted exit price, does McWilliams think it's a good idea to hang on for more profits or follow the original exit strategy and plow the profits into a new investment?
, Next Inning's model portfolio has returned 261% since its inception versus 27% for the S&P 500. &#160;
Next Inning is a subscription-based investment newsletter that provides regular coverage on more than 150 technology and semiconductor stocks. &#160;Subscribers receive intra-day analysis, commentary and recommendations, as well as access to monthly semiconductor sales analysis, regular Special Reports, and the Next Inning model portfolio. Editor 
 is a 30+ year semiconductor industry veteran.
NOTE: This release was published by Indie Research Advisors, LLC, a registered investment advisor with CRD #131926. &#160;Interested parties may visit adviserinfo.sec.gov for additional information. &#160;Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. 
, Next Inning Technology Research, +1-888-278-5515 
SOURCE Indie Research Advisors, LLC
http://www.nextinning.com
Other News Releases in Semiconductors
Marvell Storms Hollywood
Pro-Dex, Inc. Announces Fiscal 2010 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast
ACL Semiconductors Sales Up 45 Percent in 2009 to $304.7 Million
Other News Releases in Investments Opinions
BullMarket.com Previews Earnings for Caterpillar, Green Mountain, Visa, & Potash
Critical Alerts for Boeing, Travelers, ITT Educational Services, Nabors Industries, and Bucyrus Released by Seven Summits Research
Critical Alerts For Google, Capital One, Nike, IntercontinentalExchange, and Toll Brothers Released By Seven Summits Research
Journalists and Bloggers
PR Newswire for Journalists
 for releases, photos, ProfNet experts, and customized feeds just for Media.
content distributed by MultiVu on 
Targeting, Monitoring & Measurement
Multimedia & Broadcast PR
Small Business Solutions
Request a Price Quote
 Become a member
 Chat online with an expert
 Have us call you
 Request more information
 Call us
 Send us feedback
Online Member Center
Social Media Metrics
