 Trident Microsystems Integrates Nokia's Qt User Interface Framework Into Its Newest Set-Top Box Reference... -- SANTA CLARA, Calif., March 22 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ --
 Products & Services 
 News Releases 
 Send a release 
 Member sign in 
 Become a member 
 For journalists 
 Global sites 
Products & Services
Browse News Releases
See more news releases in: 
Electronic Components
Computer Electronics
New Products & Services
Trident Microsystems Integrates Nokia's Qt User Interface Framework Into Its Newest Set-Top Box Reference Designs
Worlds First 45nm Single-Chip Digital TV Platform now Supports the Industry's Leading User Interface Development Kit
 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ --Trident Microsystems, Inc. (Nasdaq: 
), a leader in high-performance semiconductor system solutions for the connected home, today announced that it has integrated Nokia's leading Qt cross platform application and user interface (UI) framework into its 45nm PNX847x/8x/9 family of reference designs. By integrating Qt, Trident can enable its customers to quickly and easily develop advanced web-enabled applications and deploy these applications seamlessly across desktop, mobile and embedded operating systems without having to rewrite the source code. 
"Qt is quickly becoming a standard in the industry and among the top specifications we receive from our customer base," said Christos Lagomichos, president of Trident. "By incorporating the Qt framework into our reference designs, we can save customers an enormous amount of development time and make it easy to develop feature-rich user interfaces that can be used across many different product lines."
Trident will be demonstrating the PNX847x/8x/9 with Nokia Qt reference designs at the China Content Broadcasting Network (CCBN) Conference in 
 has become one of the world's fastest growing regions to download Nokia's Qt framework due to factors such as the country's aggressive next generation broadband (NGB) initiative. Trident is pleased to be working with Nokia to provide China STB manufacturers with integrated Qt capabilities that reduce their development times and speed their time to market.
The PNX847x/8x/9 family of reference designs that incorporate the Qt framework is available today for Trident customers. For information, please contact 
sales@tridentmicro.com
About Trident Microsystems, Inc. 
Trident Microsystems, Inc., with headquarters in 
Santa Clara, California
, is a leading force in the digital home entertainment market, delivering an extensive range of innovative multimedia semiconductor solutions for digital televisions and set-top boxes &#8212; at the heart of today's digital home. Trident has been making bold moves to expand its market, deepen and more fully leverage its Intellectual Property (IP) portfolio, and drive the evolution of the "connected home." Its acquisition of NXP Semiconductors' set-top box and television product lines in 2010 establishes Trident as one of the top three semiconductor providers to both the TV and set-top box markets. For further information about Trident and its products, please consult the Company's web site: 
http://www.tridentmicro.com
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains forward-looking statements concerning the capabilities and functionality of our products and the benefits out products will provide to our customers, including the ability of our clients to save development time and speed time to market. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially depending on a number of factors. These risks include, the timing of product introductions, the ability to obtain design wins among major OEMs for Trident's products, and competitive pressures, including pricing and competitors' new product introductions, the impact of the uncertain global macroeconomic environment, and the increasingly competitive DTV market. Additional factors that may affect Trident's business are described in detail in Trident's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission available at 
. Such forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Trident's views or expectations as of any subsequent date and Trident does not undertake any obligation to revise or update any such forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the statement was made.
NOTE: Trident is a trademark of Trident Microsystems, Inc. All other company and product names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Features, pricing, availability and specifications are subject to change without notice. 
SOURCE Trident Microsystems, Inc.
http://www.tridentmicro.com
Other News Releases in Electronic Components
Marvell Storms Hollywood
New, Compact ITS 6006 Radiated Test System from Teseq Tests EMC Signals Up to 6 GHz
Harris Corporation Declares Quarterly Dividend
Other News Releases in Licensing
Huffy Corporation and Panama Jack Cruise into New Bike Partnership
Green Planet Takes It to the Beach, Sponsoring Corona Wide Open Volleyball Tour
Gillette Announces Entitlement Sponsorship of NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Race at Pocono Raceway
Journalists and Bloggers
PR Newswire for Journalists
 for releases, photos, ProfNet experts, and customized feeds just for Media.
content distributed by MultiVu on 
Targeting, Monitoring & Measurement
Multimedia & Broadcast PR
Small Business Solutions
Request a Price Quote
 Become a member
 Chat online with an expert
 Have us call you
 Request more information
 Call us
 Send us feedback
Online Member Center
Social Media Metrics
