 Nokia Honors Consumer Innovation at CTIA -- LAS VEGAS, March 23, 2010 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ --
 Products & Services 
 News Releases 
 Send a release 
 Member sign in 
 Become a member 
 For journalists 
 Global sites 
Products & Services
Browse News Releases
See more news releases in: 
Computer Electronics
Mobile Entertainment
Telecommunications Equipment
Telecommunications Industry
Nokia Honors Consumer Innovation at CTIA
Announcing the PUSH N900 MOD IN THE USA Winner
 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Continuing a rich
history of fostering innovation, Nokia (NYSE: 
) is proud to announce the
winning team of the PUSH N900 MOD IN THE USA competition - BrettSarahTops -
for their work turning the Nokia N900 into a car-like dashboard showcasing
odometer, speedometer and more. The competition, which began in January,
pushed the capabilities for the Nokia N900 both from a hardware and software
prospective; further showing that the Nokia N900 is one of the most advanced
mobile computer currently available.
 "Seeing what these teams were able to create using the Nokia N900 in just
a few weeks time is a true testament to the spirit of human innovation," said
Eddie Hold, Vice President, Current Analysis. "It's refreshing to see what
people can come up with when they are supplied with tools like a open
platform - such as the one that the Nokia N900 operates on. Kudos to Nokia
and the participants for cultivating this kind of consumer innovation."
 The three finalists of the PUSH N900 MOD IN THE USA competition were each
flown to CTIA Wireless in 
, where they presented their ideas to a
panel of judges. Each presenter was given 15 minutes to discuss their
inspiration and why they deserve the grand prize. After a very intense
deliberation, the judges decided that Bike Dashboard earned the grand prize
based on inventiveness, feasibility, conversation generation and
demonstration of the Nokia N900's capabilities. As the grand prize winner,
BrettSarahTops will receive a 
 "We're extremely excited to have won this competition! To think that just
a few weeks ago we were brainstorming an idea to submit and now we're here in

 with that idea a reality is truly amazing," said 
, a
member of BrettSarahTops. "It's really cool that Nokia put together a
competition that encouraged us to develop something we thought would be an
awesome spin on their existing innovations."
 BrettSarahTops utilized several different features of the Nokia N900 to
create a Bike Dashboard. From the GPS to the camera, the team transformed the
Nokia N900 into a car-like dashboard. The screen of the Nokia N900 showed a
speedometer, odometer, mapped routes with GPS and even provided a car horn -
becoming the killer app for cyclists everywhere.
 While BrettSarahTops took home first place, the fact that both Niko and

 had very creative and innovative mods made it a difficult decision
for the judges. For both team's hard work creating their respective mods,
they'll also be taking home prizes. Niko placed second and will receive a
prize of 
 The Nokia N900 has broadened the choice for technology enthusiasts who
appreciate the ability to multitask and browse the internet like they would
on their desktop computer. Running on the new Maemo 5 software, the Nokia
N900 empowers users to have dozens of application windows open and running
simultaneously while taking full advantage of the cellular features, touch
screen and QWERTY keyboard. The Nokia N900 also packs a powerful ARM
Cortex-A8 processor, up to 1GB of application memory and OpenGL ES 2.0
graphics acceleration as well as 32GB of storage space, a 5MP camera with

 optics, high resolution WVGA touch screen, HSPA, WLAN and much,
much more.
 The global PUSH N900 competition held in 
 drew hundreds of
entries and resulted in the construction of five widely varying mods. With
finalists from both global and 
-focused competitions coming up with ideas
that span a broad spectrum - from transforming the N900 into spray-can that
emits light graffiti to the brains of a robot, as well as other very, very
creative ideas - the capability of a truly open device such as the Nokia N900
has been a great source for innovation and creativity.
 To read more about the PUSH N900 MOD IN THE USA finalists and see their
journey in their own words, please visit

http://www.blogs.nokia.com/pushn900/usa
 At Nokia, we are committed to connecting people. We combine advanced
technology with personalized services that enable people to stay close to
what matters to them. Every day, more than 1.2 billion people connect to one
another with a Nokia device - from mobile phones to advanced smartphones and
high-performance mobile computers. Today, Nokia is integrating its devices
with innovative services through Ovi (
), including music,
maps, apps, email and more. Nokia's NAVTEQ is a leader in comprehensive
digital mapping and navigation services, while Nokia Siemens Networks
provides equipment, services and solutions for communications networks
globally.
http://www.nokia.com
SOURCE Nokia Corporation
Other News Releases in Computer Electronics
Filter: CSI's Virtual Video Conference Launched 4/8!
Public Policy Leaders Will Be Featured at The Cable Show 2010
Printing Your Own Bubble Test Sheets Saves Money
Other News Releases in Awards
ECBC Technical Director Rick Decker Honored During Retirement Ceremony After 24 Years of Service
BNA Authors Win Nine Burton Awards for Legal Writing
Thinking Inside the Box Wins Consumers and Award for Graphic Packaging International and Heinz Foods
Journalists and Bloggers
PR Newswire for Journalists
 for releases, photos, ProfNet experts, and customized feeds just for Media.
content distributed by MultiVu on 
Targeting, Monitoring & Measurement
Multimedia & Broadcast PR
Small Business Solutions
Request a Price Quote
 Become a member
 Chat online with an expert
 Have us call you
 Request more information
 Call us
 Send us feedback
Online Member Center
Social Media Metrics
