 U.S. Stocks Up Modestly For The Week - IBD - Investors.com 
Investors.com - Powered by Investors Business Daily
Investor's Business Daily Digital Edition
 | 
 To save time in the future, you may select one of the preferences below. You may update your 
IBD preferences at any time by going into My IBD and selecting Update Your 
IBD Preferences. 
Set Web-Based Version as Default 
Set PDF Version as Default 
Set Recent Issues as Default 
 Add to your lists:
 U.S. Stocks Up Modestly For The Week 
, INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY 
Posted 03/26/2010 05:16 PM ET
 Featured Stocks
 * Top-Rated Company 
 1"
 2"
 3"
 4"
 5"
 6"
Stocks made modest gains for the week as investors looked ahead to a holiday-shortened week.
For the week, the Dow rose 1.1%, the Nasdaq 0.9%, the S&P 500 0.5% and the NYSE composite 0.2%. All notched their fourth-straight week of gains.
Before the opening bell Monday, 
) is expected to release earnings. The commercial school is expected to see earnings decelerate for the fourth straight quarter to 5%.
) is also expected to report. Wall Street sees a 5% pop in earnings, marking the first quarterly profit growth since the quarter ended in June 2008.
The only economic report schedule before Monday's open is personal income and spending.
U.S. Stocks Finish Mixed In Low Volume
Stocks finished mixed after opening the day higher. Volume was lower across the board.
The Dow and S&P 500 gained 0.1%, NYSE composite 0.2% and the Nasdaq fell 0.1%.
Leisure-photo and equipment was the day's top performing group. Solar stocks also fared very well. The auto/trucks replacement parts group was the day's worst performer, largely due to a 23% drop by 
Solar stocks on the other hand rallied on plans to bail out Greece. Solar firms are heavily exposed in Europe. Aside from Greece being a top solar country, Germany is the biggest buyer. The plans to bail out Greece includes help from the IMF, which is seen as a positive for Germany.
NetLogic Microsystems
) was one of the top performing IBD 100 stocks. The chipmaker said it will sell 5.9 million shares for $28.85 per share. The stock responded by rallying 2% in three times its normal trade.
U.S. Stocks Directionless In Weak Trading 
Indexes were mixed late Friday as volume continued to sag well below Thursday's levels.
The NYSE composite regained a 0.2% gain. The Dow held 0.1% above water. The S&P 500 showed a fractional gain while the Nasdaq slipped 0.2%.
The gains were shallow, but broad, with 1% of the 197 industry groups tracked by IBD still holding gains in late-afternoon trading. Genetic drug makers, steel alloy producers and fiber optic stocks led the pack.
Solar energy companies rose after an analyst forecast increased demand. Credit Suisse sees global demand climbing to 12.7 gigawatts in 2010 from 10 gigawatts last year. The consensus estimate is about 8 gigawatts to 9 gigawatts. The report expected particularly heavy demand in Japan, the U.S. and Europe.
&laquo; Previous Article in Markets Update
Next Article in Markets Update &raquo;
More Markets Update Articles:
 Comments 
 Leave a Comment
 To participate in Community areas, please 
Registration Benefits
Not a member? Register &raquo;
Unregistered subscriber? Register &raquo;
Can't access your account? &raquo;
04/23/2010 05:00:24 PM ET
04/23/2010 05:00:15 PM ET
Saucer bases can launch powerful run-ups.
 
