New Symbian Smart Phone Could Push Nokia To $27 &laquo; Forbes.com's Great Speculations
Intelligent Infrastructure
Corporate Citizenship
Corporate Governance
Retirement & College
400 Richest Americans
World's Richest People
Washington & The World
New Symbian Smart Phone Could Push Nokia To $27
March 31, 2010 - 3:04 pm
Trefis analysis is produced by a team of analysts who build detailed models for each company on the platform Trefis.com
 is trying to revive its declining US mobile phone business with new smart phones based on Nokia’s Symbian 3 operating system.
The new phones will be released by June 2010 and could lead to a 5% boost in our 
$25 Trefis price estimate for Nokia’s stock
.  The upside to our forecast depends on Nokia’s mobile phone market share in developed markets (like the U.S.) returning to 2005 levels as a result of demand for Symbian 3 phones.
Attracting U.S. Consumers with Features and Pricing
Symbian 3, an improved version of Nokia’s current Symbian operating system, will be specifically targeted at the US market.  Symbian 3 phones will have enhanced features like multi-touch, fast flip scrolling and free navigation software that will make the new phones attractive to consumers in the US.
In addition to attracting consumers with advanced features, the new Nokia phones are expected to appeal to price conscious consumers with more attractive pricing than the iPhone or BlackBerry.  The Nokia Nuron will be one of the first phones on Symbian 3 that will be sold in the US.  It will be priced at $70 with a two-year contract with T-Mobile and $180 without any service contract.
Potential 5% Upside to Trefis Price for Nokia
We currently forecast that Nokia’s 
market share in developed markets
 (US, Canada, UK, France, Germany, etc.) will decline from 27% in 2009 to 23% by the end of Trefis forecast period due to increasing competition from Apple and RIM.
We estimate that Nokia’s mobile phone business in developed markets constitutes only about 23% of the stock’s value.  In comparison, the mobile phone business in emerging markets accounts for about 70% of Nokia’s value.  The significance of the company’s mobile phones business in emerging markets has a limiting impact on how much Nokia’s stock benefits from improvements in Nokia sales in the US.
modifying our forecast for Nokia market share
, you can see how there would be a $1.30 (5%) upside to our 
$25 Trefis price estimate for Nokia’s stock
 if the company’s market share in developed markets were to return to past levels of around 30% as a result of Nokia’s new Symbian 3 based phones.
For additional analysis and forecasts, here is 
our complete model for Nokia’s stock
 &laquo; Previous post
Markets Show Steady Recovery
 Next post &raquo;
BlackBerry Promotions Will Benefit RIM
More Finance Coverage
