RIMM, AAPL, NOK, ORFG: Conquering The Markets; Corporate Review for April 1, 2010
 Architecture
Art & Entertainments
 Celebrities
 Country Music
 Magazines
 Music Downloads
 News & Talk Shows
 Performing Arts
 Photography
 Television
 Web Sites
 Aftermarket
 Classic Autos
 Consumer Publications
 Motorcycle & Bike
 Recreational Vehicle
 Repair & Service
 Trade Publications
Blogging & Social Media
 Blogging & Social Media
 Advertising / Marketing
 Consumer Research
 Direct Marketing
 e-Commerce
 Entrepreneurs
 Franchise
 Human Resources
 Insurance
 Investment
 Management
 Network Marketing
 Online Marketing / SEO
 Public Relations
 Publications
 Real Estate
 Supermarkets
 Women in Business
Coaching / Mentoring
 Coaching / Mentoring
 Databases
 Games & Entertainment
 Instruction
 Linux / GNU "Open Source"
 Macintosh
 Microsoft Windows PC
 Operating Systems
 Programming
 Security
 Software
 Utilities
 Gifts and Collectibles
 Web sites / Internet
 Graphic Design
 Industrial
 College / University
 Home Schooling
 Post Graduate
 Technical
EmailWire Press Releases
 Press Release Tips
Events / Trade Shows
Fraud / Identity Theft
 Judicial
 Law Enforcement
 Legislative
 National
 Public Services
 Security
 Transportation
 Banking / Personal Finance
 Bereavement / Loss
 Home Furnishings / Interiors
 Landscaping & Gardening
 Marriage / Relationships
 Parenting
 Wedding / Bridal
 Aerospace / Defense
 Agriculture
 Apparel / Textiles
 Broadcast
 Construction / Building
 Electrical
 Healthcare
 Leisure / Hospitality
 Logistics / Shipping
 Manufacturing / Production
 Mining / Metals
 Oil / Energy
 Paper / Forest Products
 Plumbing, Heating & AC
 Print Media
 Printing
 Publishing
 Restaurants
 Dating / Singles
 Diet / Weight Loss
 Food / Beverage
 Health & Fitness
 Hotel / Resorts
 Pastimes
 Restaurants
 Retirement
 Travel & Tourism
 Addiction
 Allergies
 Alternative Medicine
 Cardiology
 Chiropractic
 Dermatology
 Diabetes
 Emergency
 Family Medicine
 Geriatrics
 Hospitals
 Infectious Diseases
 Internal Medicine
 Managed Care / HMO
 Medical Products
 Mental Health
 Neurology
 Nutrition
 OB / GYN
 Pediatrics
 Pharmaceuticals
 Physical Therapy
 Plastic Surgery
 Psychology
 Radiology / Imaging
 Research
 Sports Medicine
 Nanotechnology
 Occupational Safety
 Opinion / Editorial
 Announce
 Tools and Services
 Politics
 Public Utilities
 Christian
RSS & Content Syndication
 RSS & Content Syndication
Science and Research
 Science and Research
Self-Help / Personal Growth
 Self-Help / Personal Growth
 African American Interests
 Asian Interests
 Childrens Issues
 Disabled Issues / Disabilities
 Gay / Lesbian
 Hispanic
 Mens Interests
 Native American
 Senior Citizens
 Social Services
 Teen Issues/Interests
 Womens Interest
 Baseball
 Basketball
 Bicycling
 Boating / Maritime
 Football
 Martial Arts
 Outdoors
 Winter/Snow
 Biotechnology
 Computer
 Electronics
 Enterprise Software
 Graphics/Printing/CAD
 Hardware / Peripherals
 Industrial
 Information
 Internet
 Multimedia
 Networking
 Public Sector/Government
 Robotics
 Semiconductor
 Software
 Telecommunications
 Webmasters
 Volunteer
RIMM, AAPL, NOK, ORFG: Conquering The Markets; Corporate Review for April 1, 2010
PennyStockFinder.com offers a media source for publicly traded companies who wish to share their companies' success stories with investors and business opportunists. Our services can provide vast exposure, thereby creating added market awareness, and ...
, April 1, 2010 ) New York, NY - PennyStockFinder.com offers a wide variety of services to both investors and public companies. Whether you are an investor seeking an investment opportunity or a public company seeking to reach the investment community, PennyStockFinder.com can bridge the gap. We encourage investors to take advantage of our trading tools. You may perform your own DD to help make the right investment choices. Visit www.pennystockfinder.com to better educate yourself in order in order to become a more profitable investor.
: Research In Motion
) opened at $15.81. So far today, the stock has hit a low of $15.79 and a high of $15.84. NOK is now trading at $15.83, up $0.29 (1.83%). Over the last 52 weeks the stock has ranged from a low of $11.46 to a high of $16.58. NOK shares are rising after competitor Research In Motion (
) reported fourth-quarter earnings, revenue, and shipments below analysts' forecasts. While RIMM shares have sunk following the announcement, NOK is up in early trading, as some analysts said after RIMM's report that the company could be losing market share in smartphones, creating an opening for other companies like NOK. Technical indicators for the stock are bullish and S&P; gives NOK a positive 4 STARS (out of 5) buy ranking. If you are looking for a hedged play on NOK the stock seems like it could be a candidate for a July out-of-the-money bull-put credit spread below the 13 range. 
 RIMM (Research In Motion)
 Yesterday after market close, Research In Motion Ltd. (RIMM : 70.02, 0.17) declared its fourth quarter fiscal 2010 financial results. The results were below the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Consequently, stock price was down $3.42 (4.62%) to $70.55 in after-market trade on Nasdaq. Nevertheless, management provided a solid financial guidance for the ongoing first quarter of fiscal 2011, which may act as a silver lining for the stock in the near term.
 Fourth quarter 2010 total revenue of $4.08 billion was up 18% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. However, the quarterly revenue was far below the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $4.30 billion. This was primarily due to lower BlackBerry device shipment of 10.5 million units compared to the average expectation of 11 million units.
 RIMM claimed that the lower device shipment was due to inventory reduction by a major wireless service provider.
 Although BlackBerry still holds its market leadership position in the North American region, it seems the company is losing out to the iconic touchscreen smartphones of Apple Inc. (AAPL : 237, 1.99).
 The rally in Apple shares shows no signs of slowing down. Apple stock keeps hitting fresh 52-week highs and new all-time highs almost each trading session. The stock is up nearly 15% since the company unveiled the iPad at a media event in late January, and has more than doubled from its level at this time last year. Shares have further got lift from reports that it may begin making its popular iPhone available for use on the Verizon Wireless network, breaking free from its exclusive relationship with AT&T; (NYSE: VZ : 31.31, 0.28) in the U.S. At $213.10 billion, Apple is now the third most valuable company.
 Industry experts believe that Apple is also developing a next-generation iPhone to debut this summer. 
 As of now, Microsoft holds nearly a $50 billion lead over Apple. Assuming that all other things remain the same, Apple would have to increase to the $280 plus range to overtake Microsoft. Most analysts believe that now it's largely a question of 'When', not 'If.'
 Apple shares rose $2.74 or 1.17% to $237.74 in morning session on Thursday.
 ORFG (OroFino Gold)
 HONG KONG, March 30 - Orofino Gold Corp. (PINK OTC: 
) ("Orofino Gold" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that the initial results from mineralized and un-mineralized material samples, as well as selected representative samples collected from its Colombian projects that ran higher than expected in gold, silver and copper will be re-assayed, these results will be available on or before April 8th, 2010. These results will form part of a future NI 43-101 compliant review of previous exploration and field data as well as recommendations and budgets.
 About Orofino Gold Corp. (ORFG)
 Orofino Gold is a precious metals acquisition, exploration, and development company. The Company acquires and explores strategically-located precious metals properties in the historically rich gold bearing jurisdictions of Colombia and Mexico. To this end OROFINO has signed an option agreement to acquire several properties in Colombia. The Company is listed on the Pink Sheets under the symbol ORFG.
 PennyStockFinder.com offers a media source for publicly traded companies who wish to share their companies' success stories with investors and business opportunists. Our services can provide vast exposure, thereby creating added market awareness, and thus creating new investment and business opportunities. If you are interested in our services and profiling your company on our website, please contact us for more information.
 PennyStockFinder.com goal is to provide investors and stockbrokers with timely financial news, data and links to valuable investment tools (i.e., stock quotes, stock charts, stock research, stock message boards, etc.) to assist in making informed decisions about small cap investments.
 PennyStockFinder.com offers a wide variety of services to both investors and public companies. Whether you are an investor seeking an investment opportunity or a public company seeking to reach the investment community, 
http://www.PennyStockFinder.com
 can bridge the gap. We encourage investors to take advantage of our trading tools. You may perform your own DD to help make the right investment choices. Visit our Market Education page to better educate yourself in order to become a more profitable investor. PennyStockFinder.com goal is to provide investors and stockbrokers with timely financial news, data and links to valuable investment tools (i.e., stock quotes, stock charts, stock research, stock message boards, etc.) to assist in making informed decisions about small cap investments.
 Release of Liability: Through use of this website viewing or using you agree to hold 
http://www.PennyStockFinder.com
, its operators owners and employees harmless and to completely release them from any and all liability due to any and all loss (monetary or otherwise), damage (monetary or otherwise), or injury (monetary or otherwise) that you may incur. The information contained herein is based on sources, which we believe to be reliable, but is not guaranteed by us as being accurate and does not purport to be a complete statement or summary of the available data. PennyStockFinder.com affiliates may from time to time have a position in the securities mentioned herein and may increase or decrease such positions without notice, which may negatively affect the market. PennyStockFinder.com encourages readers and investors to supplement the information in these reports with independent research and other professional advice. All information on featured companies is provided by the companies profiled, or is available from public sources and 
http://www.PennyStockFinder.com
 makes no representations, warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure by the profiled companies. PennyStockFinder.com, nor any of its affiliates are not registered investment advisors or a broker dealers.
 Press release service and press release distribution by EmailWire.Com - 
http://www.emailwire.com/press_release_distribution_lists.php
Contact Information:
 Get Amazing Penny Stock ALERTS Totally FREE Click This Link NOW.
 Learn the Skills, Make the Trades, Earn a Fortune! 100% Free to try.
 Subscribe To The #1 Rated MicroCap Stock Newsletter.
 Visit StockSource.us for explosive stock picks, free stock research and trading tools 
 Ads are only $575 per month. Ads are placed same day. 
Press release service and press release distribution on EmailWire.Com is a global newswire of GroupWeb Media LLC.
