Articles about Samsung Electronics Co Los Angeles Times
Samsung Electronics Co
Samsung Electronics Co
FIND MORE STORIES ABOUT:
Samsung sues Sharp over patents
From Times Wire Services
 Samsung Electronics Co. sued competitor Sharp Corp., Japan's largest maker of liquid crystal displays, claiming that it infringed four U.S. patents for the technology used in televisions and computer monitors.Sharp is wrongly importing "products and processes" protected by patents awarded since 2004, Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, claimed in a complaint filed Dec. 21 in federal court in Wilmington, Del.The action is part of a continuing battle between the two companies.Walt Disney Co., Time Warner Inc. and three other movie studios sued Samsung Electronics Co., saying the company's DVD players allowed consumers to circumvent encryption features that prevent unauthorized duplication.The lawsuit demands a recall of all Samsung DVD players that allow copy protection features to be disabled.AST Research Inc.: Samsung Electronics Co. said Monday it...
 AST Research Inc.: Samsung Electronics Co. said Monday it has completed a $378 million investment in the Irvine computer company.Samsung, a Seoul, South Korea, maker of semiconductors, now owns about 40%, or 17.9 million shares, of AST Research common stock, including 5.82 million through a $22 a share tender offer.Texas Instruments in License Deal With Samsung: Texas...
From Times Staff and Wire Reports
 Texas Instruments in License Deal With Samsung: Texas Instruments Inc. said it reached agreement with Samsung Electronics Co. on a new five year broad based semiconductor patent cross license agreement.TI will receive royalty payments from Samsung, which are expected to greatly exceed the amounts received by TI under the existing agreement.The new agreement, along with last week's agreement with Toshiba Corp.Spotlight: Samsung Again Extends Its AST Offer
 For the third time, Samsung Electronics Co. extended its cash tender offer for all shares of Irvine based computer maker AST Research Inc. that the South Korean company doesn't already own.The offer for the nearly 27.8 million shares or 88% of the remaining stock Samsung doesn't yet own will now expire on Aug. 8.The delay will give Samsung time to receive clearance for the deal from the South Korean government.Samsung already owns 49% of the company.Intel to Invest $100 Million in Samsung
 Intel Corp., the largest computer chip maker, agreed to invest $100 million in Samsung Electronics Co. to ensure the development of technologies to speed personal computer performance.Intel will buy bonds convertible into about 1% of Samsung's shares.South Korea's Samsung, the world's largest maker of memory chips, will use proceeds to build an assembly and test line for a new type of computer memory technology, known as RDRAM.Shares of Santa Clara based Intel fell $4.75 to close at $133.Spotlight: AST Signs Credit Agreement With Samsung
 Irvine based AST Research Inc. signed a final agreement with Samsung Electronics Co. for a $200 million, two year bank credit guarantee in exchange for 500,000 nonvoting preferred shares.The personal computer maker has been struggling with quarterly losses, declining market share and continuing executive turmoil as Seoul based Samsung tries to save it.Samsung invested $378 million for a 40% stake in AST earlier this year and raised the stake to 46% in July.Times Staff and Wire Reports
 Samsung Countersues Nintendo: Samsung Electronics Co. and Samsung Electronics America Inc. filed a lawsuit against Nintendo of America seeking unspecified damages for public statements made last month by Nintendo officials regarding alleged counterfeiting of Nintendo's hit video game "Donkey Kong Country."
Monsanto reports 19% profit drop Monsanto Co., the world's biggest seed maker, said that profit fell by 19% in the second quarter as prices continued to stagnate for its popular herbicide Roundup.Chief Executive Hugh Grant said income will be crimped in the next two years as the company is forced to cut seed prices.He said Monsanto is unlikely to meet its goal of doubling 2007 gross profit by 2012.Since then, Roundup prices have plunged because of a flood of generic competitors.Networks serving up digital TV to go
First there was digital television.Now comes mobile digital TV.Designed to let viewers watch TV on the go, mobile DTV is the network television industry's answer to a generation that's often more likely to watch YouTube on their iPhones than the TV in their living rooms.Since the first U.S. broadcast in 1928, TV signals largely have been limited to sets that sit still.This year, however, local stations across the country will begin transmitting a new type of signal that can be picked up by devices that travel, including laptops, smart phones, portable DVD players and mini tablets all of which are to be showcased at the Consumer Electronics Show starting Thursday in Las Vegas.U.S. may ban imports of Samsung LCDs
Samsung Electronics Co. of South Korea, the world's largest maker of liquid crystal display televisions, may be barred from selling TVs and computer monitors in the U.S. after losing a patent case filed by Japanese rival Sharp Corp.The U.S. International Trade Commission in Washington said Wednesday that Samsung violated Sharp's patent rights and ordered both sides to submit arguments on whether an import ban should be imposed.In a notice on its website, the agency said it wanted to consider the effect of a ban on "competitive conditions in the U.S.economy."
Samsung camera keeps vanity in focus
Think of it as the digital camera for the lonely.Samsung unveiled a camera Thursday with a view screen on the front as well as on the back.And why would people want this DualView camera, as Samsung calls it?To take pictures of themselves."The growing popularity of social networking sites has given rise to the self portrait," Samsung said in its news release, "with many consumers turning their digital cameras on themselves." Many who have used social networking or dating sites can relate to holding a camera at arm's length in front of themselves while snapping a picture.Acer to expand into televisions, electronic books
 Acer Inc., the world's third largest maker of personal computers, will expand into televisions and electronic books within five years as the PC industry slows, founder Stan Shih said."The PC actually is a mature industry," Shih, 64, said in an interview in his Taipei office."PC extending to TV, of course, there's room." The Taiwanese company will pit itself against Samsung Electronics Co. and Kindle maker Amazon.com Inc., which lead the markets for TVs and digital readers.Sony unveils pocket size electronic book reader
 Sony Corp. on Tuesday unveiled a pocket size electronic book reader for less than $200, which the electronics giant touted as the "most affordable dedicated reading device on the market." Dubbed the Sony Reader Pocket Edition, the new device has enough internal memory to hold about 350 books, comes in three colors blue, rose and silver and has a 5 inch "electronic ink" display, which shows dark gray text on a lighter gray background.Blockbuster's OnDemand to become more accessible
By Dawn C. Chmielewski
 In its bid to keep pace with rivals, Blockbuster Inc. has reached a deal with Samsung Electronics America to offer its OnDemand movie rental service through Internet connected TVs, Blu ray players and home theater systems.The rental giant said the service, available this fall, would give Blockbuster customers the option of renting newly released movies without driving to the neighborhood video store or waiting for home delivery of a DVD through the mail.Vizio snags No.2 spot in flat screen TV sales in 4th quarter of 2008
 Oops, Vizio Inc. did it again.The scrappy Irvine television company caused heads to turn when it became the No.1 supplier of flat panel sets during the second quarter of 2007, much to the dismay of more established players such as Sony Corp. and Samsung Electronics Co. At the time, Vizio, led by industry veteran William Wang, was able to exploit a lull in shipments by the two electronics giants as they prepared inventory for the more important second half of the year.Copyright 2010 Los Angeles Times
