 Apps, Maps and Other Objects of Desire -- LAS VEGAS, March 22, 2010 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ --
 Products & Services 
 News Releases 
 Send a release 
 Member sign in 
 Become a member 
 For journalists 
 Global sites 
Products & Services
Browse News Releases
See more news releases in: 
Consumer Electronics
Multimedia & Internet
Telecommunications Equipment
Telecommunications Industry
Wireless Communications
Apps, Maps and Other Objects of Desire
Nokia Celebrates 25 Years of Innovation at CTIA Wireless
 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- At the 25th annual
CTIA Wireless 2010 show in 
) is proud to celebrate
a quarter-century of wireless industry advances, highlighting the latest in
apps, content, devices, developers, and creative innovation - all of which
influences the way you live with technology today.
 At CTIA Nokia is demonstrating a wide array of solutions that help
consumers connect to what matters most in their world. Making its first
public debut is the Nokia 5230 Nuron, available tomorrow with T-Mobile, in
addition to Ovi Maps and free navigation, and the innovative creations from
the finalists of the "Push N900 Mod in the 
" contest. Featuring the
creators of some of the hottest apps and content available on 
, the
Nokia booth also includes gems like OpenTable and Shazam - just some of the
examples of the vibrant and open Nokia ecosystem.
 "Twenty-five years ago the actual wireless industry was at its mere
inception - at a time when Nokia marked innovation with a giant 'wireless'
car phone, the Mobira Talkman. Today, 1.3 billion people around the world
have phones - devices that have evolved into an extension of people's lives.
It's no longer about the technology, it's about what it can do for you. We're
excited to bring solutions to life for both for consumers and developers here
at CTIA. This is indeed the year of apps, maps and more - and we're thrilled
to be at the forefront," says 
, President, Nokia, Inc.
 Mapping it out with T-Mobile and Nokia Nuron
 Hitting T-Mobile stores across the U.S. tomorrow (
) is the
brand new Nokia Nuron smartphone, an affordably priced device for anyone
looking for fast 3G connectivity, applications, free turn-by-turn navigation,
Ovi Maps and more. This attractive 3.2'' touch screen smartphone is the first
U.S. carrier device to come pre-loaded with Ovi Maps as well as 
.
Witness this dynamic combination in person - its first public appearance is
at CTIA.
 Developers, apps, and more
 With approximately 1.5 million downloads on 
 every day (that's
22 downloads a second), millions of consumers are enjoying an entirely new
Nokia experience. Developers and publishers from 80+ countries are providing
content that reaches consumers in more than 180 countries in 30 languages
with 
. At the Nokia booth, you'll see and be able to experience just
how the consumer benefits from this ecosystem.
 The OpenTable for Nokia application will allow you to make free,
instantly confirmed reservations at more than 11,000 restaurants. Whether you
know where you want to dine, or if you're just looking for inspiration,
finding the perfect restaurant with OpenTable is easy. Use your current
location to find nearby restaurants, read OpenTable diner reviews, view menus
and more.
 Shazam on Nokia gives you instant satisfaction for those times when you
want to know the song that is playing: simply point your mobile towards the
music to learn more about the artist, buy the song immediately or simply
share your discovery with your family and friends 
 Bridging our commitment to innovation and consumer insights, Nokia is
excited to announce the winning team of the PUSH N900 MOD IN THE USA
competition at CTIA on 
. This will be the culmination of a global
project to find the most unique concepts constructed using the Nokia N900,
the most advanced mobile computer currently available. Come meet the brains
behind the ideas and discover the clever inventions of the top three U.S.
competition finalists, who will be at the Nokia Booth showcasing their N900
mod innovations first-hand.
 The global PUSH N900 competition, held in 
, drew hundreds of
entries and resulted in the construction of five widely varying mods.
Finalists from both global and 
-focused competitions have come up with a
wide range of concepts - from transforming the N900 into a spray-can that
emits light graffiti to the brains of a robot, as well as other very, very
creative ideas. The capability of a truly open device such as the Nokia N900
has been a great source for innovation and creativity.
 For further information about Nokia at CTIA Wireless 2010, please visit

http://www.nokia.com/press
 or join us at the Nokia Booth, #2536, Central
Hall, at the 
 At Nokia, we are committed to connecting people. We combine advanced
technology with personalized services that enable people to stay close to
what matters to them. Every day, more than 1.2 billion people connect to one
another with a Nokia device - from mobile phones to advanced smartphones and
high-performance mobile computers. Today, Nokia is integrating its devices
with innovative services through Ovi (
), including music,
maps, apps, email and more. Nokia's NAVTEQ is a leader in comprehensive
digital mapping and navigation services, while Nokia Siemens Networks
provides equipment, services and solutions for communications networks
globally.
http://www.nokia.com
SOURCE Nokia Corporation
Other News Releases in Consumer Electronics
Panasonic Announces Pricing and Availability of VIERA VT25 Series of Full HD 3D Plasma TVs
First Speech-to-Text Messaging App for Android
Huntkey Introduces New Safety and Practicality Concept for Power Strips: PZA500 and PZA501
Other News Releases in Trade Show News
Filter: CSI's Virtual Video Conference Launched 4/8!
Public Policy Leaders Will Be Featured at The Cable Show 2010
Deloitte Chief Talent Officer Cathy Benko to Speak at 2010 Milken Institute Global Conference
Journalists and Bloggers
PR Newswire for Journalists
 for releases, photos, ProfNet experts, and customized feeds just for Media.
content distributed by MultiVu on 
Targeting, Monitoring & Measurement
Multimedia & Broadcast PR
Small Business Solutions
Request a Price Quote
 Become a member
 Chat online with an expert
 Have us call you
 Request more information
 Call us
 Send us feedback
Online Member Center
Social Media Metrics
