Burbank Leader &gt; Archives &gt; Business &gt; Disney eyes happy 2010
Wednesday, March 17, 2010
Archives &gt; Business
Disney eyes happy 2010
Company expects acquisition of Marvel and other factors to equal strong season.
Last Updated Tuesday, March 16, 2010 10:06 PM PDT
The Walt Disney Co. and its employees could be in for a strong year, as the Burbank media giant plans to release sequels for two juggernaut franchises and anticipates economic recovery to help it rebound from disappointing results in 2009, experts said.
Disney, he said, is looking forward to strong performances from &ldquo;Toy Story 3&rdquo; and &ldquo;Iron Man 2,&rdquo; which recently came under the company&rsquo;s ownership after it bought Marvel Entertainment in 2009.
&ldquo;I&rsquo;m very impressed with the Disney management,&rdquo; said Jason Squire, a professor at the USC School of Cinematic Arts and former executive at 20th Century Fox. &ldquo;I think Bob Iger is really ahead of the game, and I have every confidence that his overall slate of theatrical, plus everything else that Disney is involved in, is going to generate strong returns.&rdquo;
Still, Disney executives decided that new investments would be key in helping the studio grow, Iger said.
The company&rsquo;s $4-billion acquisition of Marvel was a major part of that effort, giving the studio an extensive archive of potential projects that could become major revenue generators, experts said.
&ldquo;You have a very successful movie in &lsquo;The Proposal,&rsquo; but it didn&rsquo;t really call for a sequel,&rdquo; Kyser said. &ldquo;It doesn&rsquo;t really offer opportunities for merchandise or rides at the theme park, so what they&rsquo;re trying to do is come up with films that they can sell across all of their divisions.&rdquo;
The strong slate of upcoming potential money-making ventures, including a fourth installment of the &ldquo;Pirates of the Caribbean&rdquo; due out in 2011, sparked optimism about possible job growth after a year of uncertainty in the heavily rooted local entertainment industry, experts said.
Unemployment rises locally
Current Rating: 0 of 0 votes!
Rate File: 
 The following are comments from the readers. In no way do they represent the view of burbankleader.com. 
We encourage your feedback and dialog, all comments will be reviewed by our Web staff before appearing on the Web site.
Forgot Your Password?
Not registered yet? 
Do not use usernames or passwords from your financial accounts!
Note: Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required!
*Create a Member ID:
(children under 13 cannot register)
 events today.
April 23rd, 2010 to April 29th, 2010

Valley Porcelain Artists
Full Details &raquo;
Burbank Sister City Third Annual Bike-a-Thon
Full Details &raquo;
Kick a Thon to benefit St. Jude Children's Hospital
Full Details &raquo;
Judge throws out battery charge in airport applesauce case 
Luck worsens for renters 
Trial over airport applesauce tussel moved to Pasadena 
The following were taken from daily booking reports at the Burbank Police Department.
Luck worsens for renters 
Judge throws out battery charge in airport applesauce case 
Three Burbank schools get top honors 
Man makes signs of the times 
Web of representation 
Business Directory &rsaquo; Find a business near you
Copyright &copy; 2010 - Burbank Leader 
Local Criminal Defense Attorney
Los Angeles Criminal Lawyer
Los Angeles Criminal Defense Lawyer
Orange County Criminal Attorney 
Orange County Criminal Lawyer
Orange County DUI Attorney
Los Angeles Bench Warrant Attorney
 | California Medical Malpractice Attorney 
Los Angeles Criminal Defense Attorney
