 Stock Madness: Disney vs. Petroleo Brasileiro 
The World's Greatest Investing Community
The Motley Fool 
Stock Madness: Disney vs. Petroleo Brasileiro
By Motley Fool Staff 
 David Gardner called it. He’s up 1,334%! See what David’s recommending that you buy NEXT. 
In celebration of March Madness, the Motley Fool is pitting 16 editor-selected companies in a fierce
Stock Madness bracket
... we’re down to 4! For each matchup, we will show you how the companies rank based on five key metrics, but your votes will determine the winner.
This semi-final matchup is 
. Using five short-of-scientific-but-carefully chosen criteria, let's determine which is the better buy according to the numbers:
scale of 1 to 5 stars
Advantage: Petroleo Brasileiro. Cheapness is determined by 
. The lower the better. Be careful of earnings near zero that skew the ratio, one-time gains and losses, and pasts that aren’t indicative of 
 (the more dynamic the industry, the more this is true).
Advantage: Petroleo Brasileiro. Growth here is the trailing 5-year 
. This trailing earnings growth helps put notoriously-optimistic Wall Street projections in perspective.
Advantage: Petroleo Brasileiro. 
 percentage shows how efficiently a company turns revenue into profit. The more similar the business models, the more relevant the comparison.
Round 4: Balance sheet
Advantage: Disney. As with net margins, the debt to capital ratio is most relevant in comparing companies in similar industries. In this battle we give the nod to the lower-debt company, but attention should also be paid to the cost of debt, interest coverage ratios, and the stability of the business (the more stable a company’s operations, the more debt it can safely carry).
Round 5: CAPS rating
Advantage: Petroleo Brasileiro. A company’s CAPS rating is our community’s opinion of the stock. You can get more information on your stocks -- and our community’s opinions of those stocks -- by clicking over to 
Each of these five rankings need more context -- like, how these companies stack up against their potential championship-round foes -- 
Procter & Gamble
. But these basic numbers suggest that Petroleo Brasileiro is a better buy. It's up to you, though. Vote for the winner in the poll located below the bracket.
Take the Motley Poll
Which stock should advance?
 Sponsored by:
Buffett’s Forecast for 2010
...On April 30, the 
Motley Fool Inside Value
 team will represent you at the 2010 Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. Simply enter your email address below to receive their comprehensive reports from Omaha, FREE! 
A group of editors picked the Stock Madness competitors, so there is no individual author to disclose an interest in them. Since this article was automatically generated,it is possible that Motley Fool personnel (and even The Motley Fool itself, through its
real-money portfolios), have positions in these stocks. We thought you'd like to know that. You can learn more about The Motley Fool’s disclosure policy 
Read/Post Comments (1)
 Recommended 3 Times 
DocumentId: 1140765, ~/Articles/ArticleHandler.aspx, 4/23/2010 5:12:23 PM
 Use this area to report a comment that you believe is in violation of the community guidelines. Our team will review the entry and take any appropriate action. 
 11,204.28 
Most Popular Articles
Why the U.S. Can't Inflate Its Way Out of Debt
Goldman Sachs and the Art of Ripping Your Clients' Faces Off
The Motley Fool's Testimony on Corporate Governance and Shareholder Empowerment
Hey, Congress, Fix This Now!
This Quality Stock Is Trading Dirt Cheap
I Wouldn't Sell This Stock if I Were You
A Great Global Stock With a Free Kicker 
Will China Rip Africa's Face Off?
Costco Books Its Day in Court
 Related Tickers 
 4/23/2010 4:00 PM 
 $270.83 
 Apple, Inc. 
 CAPS Rating: 
 The Walt Disney Co&#8230; 
 CAPS Rating: 
 Petroleo Brasileir&#8230; 
 CAPS Rating: 
 The Procter & Gamb&#8230; 
 CAPS Rating: 
 Related Articles 
 Investing Wiki 
Pride International: 
 Pride International (NYSE: http://caps.fool.com/Ticker/PDE.aspx PDE) is an international provider of contract drilling and related services to oil and natural gas companies worldwide, operating offshore and on land.
 Want to learn more or edit this definition? 
 Click here to read more! 
