Disney Family.com and Award-Winning Actress Teri Hatcher Announce the Launch of GetHatched.com | Business Wire
 March 29, 2010 09:33 AM Eastern Daylight Time 
Disney Family.com and Award-Winning Actress Teri Hatcher Announce the Launch of GetHatched.com
New Web Site Offers ‘A Chick’s Guide to Life’
NORTH HOLLYWOOD, Calif.--(
Disney Family.com
 and award-winning actress Teri Hatcher (“Desperate Housewives”) announced today a new joint Web project, 
 “A Chick’s Guide to Life.” The new site, which will launch in May, will be produced by Disney Family.com, with creative and editorial content and insight provided by Ms. Hatcher and a team of experts. The joint effort will create a fun, inspirational and unique web destination that features a variety of topics and solutions for the needs of all women. 
&#8220;Burnt Toast and Other Philosophies of Life.&#8221;
 “I am very excited to partner with Disney Family.com (which is already the top site for moms*) to launch, in the spring, a new destination for women that will be innovative and empowering and provide, with humor, insight and vulnerability, solutions to the needs and obligations of today’s modern women,” stated Ms. Hatcher. 
 “We’re thrilled to be working with Teri to bring her unique twist on life to other women through GetHatched.com,” stated Emily Smith, vice president of Disney Online Mom and Family Portfolio. “The site will offer a place for women to be entertained, connect with others who face the same daily challenges and become inspired along the way.” 
 “Our goal with this site is to offer women a different take on everyday topics and needs, and we feel that Teri’s candid and humorous point of view is a perfect fit,” stated Paul Yanover, executive vice president and managing director, Disney Online. “We look forward to bringing women from all walks of life together on GetHatched.com.” 
 Ms. Hatcher will contribute original content to the site, which will feature articles, blogs, original videos series, and advice from her team of experts on everything pertaining to the demands on a woman 24/7. 
 Teri Hatcher has delivered memorable performances in movies, television and on stage, since 1990. Having starred as Lois in the ABC series “Lois and Clark,” Teri often finds herself a role model to young women in journalism and carries a Superman fan base that is nothing short of global. Her first movie role in Christopher Guest’s “The Big Picture” remains one of her career highlights along with movie roles in “Soapdish,” “Spy Kids,” “Tomorrow Never Dies” and most recently, when Teri voiced ALL THREE mothers in Henry Selick’s Oscar-nominated animated film “Coraline.” 
 Her fearless desire to challenge herself and experience the world led her to star as Sally Bowles in the Sam Mendes directed touring company of “Caberet” in 1999, receiving critical acclaim and standing ovations from Los Angeles to Boston. Her comedic expertise was wildly noted when she hosted SNL in 1995, landing at least 2 of her sketches in the Best of SNL highlights series. In 2005 she was awarded a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild award for Best Actress in a Comedy for her legendary portrayal of Susan Mayer on “Desperate Housewives.” 
 In 2006 she wrote her first book, a funny and inspirational look at a woman finding balance between family, career and self, titled “Burnt Toast and Other Philosophies of Life.” It remained on the New York Times best seller list for 4 weeks. Teri currently is in the 6
 season of filming “Desperate Housewives,” which she still has fun at every day. She has been writing and blogging articles for Glamour UK magazine, Newsweek and Modernmom.com. She is raising her twelve-year-old daughter, who is still her highest priority, and 7 rescued animals, participating in triathlons and charitable fundraisers, and with the left over minutes, looking for love. She has traveled to 5 of the 7 continents, both for personal and philanthropic ventures, and looks forward to conquering the other 2 soon. 
Disney Online Mom and Family Portfolio
 The Disney Online Mom and Family Portfolio is a leading group of sites that provide inspiration and ideas for parents on a variety of topics important to today’s families. Sites include 
 Disney Online (
 or text MOBILE to DISNEY), a unit of Disney Interactive Media Group, produces the NO. 1 ranked community-family and parenting destination on the Web.* Launched in 1996, Disney.com is the online and now mobile web gateway to all of the company’s Disney-branded entertainment initiatives, providing comprehensive access to, and information about Disney movies, travel, television, games, music, shopping and live events. 
 Disney Interactive Media Group (DIMG) is an affiliate of The Walt Disney Company (NYSE: DIS). 
 *comScore MediaMetrix 
Tweet this release: 
http://bit.ly/c5cZoi
 Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: 
http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=6230413&lang=en
 Contacts 
 Disney Online
Brandy Phillips, 818-623-3764
Brandy.Phillips@Disney.com
 http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100329005923/en/Disney-Family.com-Award-Winning-Actress-Teri-Hatcher-Announce
 Smart Multimedia Gallery 
Teri Hatcher (Photo: Business Wire)
 Download Formats 
 More 
 Download Formats 
 More 
Company Information Center
More Business Wire sites
