 Stock Madness: Comcast vs. Disney (CMCSA, DIS) 
The World's Greatest Investing Community
The Motley Fool 
Stock Madness: Comcast vs. Disney
By Motley Fool Staff 
In celebration of March Madness, the Motley Fool is pitting 16 editor-selected companies in a fierce Stock Madness bracket to determine the best buy. In each match-up, we will show you how the companies rank based on five key metrics, but your votes will determine the winner.
. Using five short-of-scientific-but-carefully chosen criteria, let's determine which is the better buy according to the numbers:
scale of 1 to 5 stars
Advantage: Comcast. Cheapness is determined by 
. The lower the better. Be careful of earnings near zero that skew the ratio, one-time gains and losses, and pasts that aren’t indicative of 
 (the more dynamic the industry, the more this is true).
Advantage: Comcast. Growth here is the trailing 5-year 
. This trailing earnings growth helps put notoriously-optimistic Wall Street projections in perspective.
Advantage: Comcast. 
 percentage shows how efficiently a company turns revenue into profit. The more similar the business models, the more relevant the comparison.
Round 4: Balance sheet
Advantage: Disney. As with net margins, the debt to capital ratio is most relevant in comparing companies in similar industries. In this battle we give the nod to the lower-debt company, but attention should also be paid to the cost of debt, interest coverage ratios, and the stability of the business (the more stable a company’s operations, the more debt it can safely carry).
Round 5: CAPS rating
Advantage: Disney. A company’s CAPS rating is our community’s opinion of the stock. You can get more information on your stocks -- and our community’s opinions of those stocks -- by clicking over to 
Each of these five rankings need more context to determine how these companies stack up against each other and bracket competitors 
. But these basic numbers suggest that Comcast is a better buy. It's up to you, though. Vote for the winner in the poll located below the bracket.
Take the Motley Poll
Which stock should advance?
 Sponsored by:
Buffett’s Forecast for 2010
...On April 30, the 
Motley Fool Inside Value
 team will represent you at the 2010 Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. Simply enter your email address below to receive their comprehensive reports from Omaha, FREE! 
No individual person selected the stocks in this article, so there is no author to disclose an interest in them. Since this article was automatically generated by identifying the stocks loved both by the CAPS community and by buyers in today’s market, it is possible that Motley Fool personnel (and even The Motley Fool itself, through our
 Million Dollar Portfolio, Motley Fool Pro, 
 Ready Made Millionaire 
services), have positions in these stocks. We thought you'd like to know that. You can learn more about The Motley Fool’s disclosure policy 
 &#0171; Previous
Stock Madness: Buffalo Wild Wings vs. Chipotle
Stock Madness: General Electric vs. Potash
Read/Post Comments (0)
 Recommended 8 Times 
DocumentId: 1138149, ~/Articles/ArticleHandler.aspx, 4/23/2010 5:13:13 PM
 Use this area to report a comment that you believe is in violation of the community guidelines. Our team will review the entry and take any appropriate action. 
Stock Madness: Round 1
 11,204.28 
Most Popular Articles
Why the U.S. Can't Inflate Its Way Out of Debt
Goldman Sachs and the Art of Ripping Your Clients' Faces Off
The Motley Fool's Testimony on Corporate Governance and Shareholder Empowerment
Hey, Congress, Fix This Now!
This Quality Stock Is Trading Dirt Cheap
I Wouldn't Sell This Stock if I Were You
A Great Global Stock With a Free Kicker 
Will China Rip Africa's Face Off?
Costco Books Its Day in Court
 Related Tickers 
 4/23/2010 4:00 PM 
 Apollo Group, Inc. 
 CAPS Rating: 
 Comcast Corp 
 CAPS Rating: 
 The Walt Disney Co&#8230; 
 CAPS Rating: 
 IMAX Corp (USA) 
 CAPS Rating: 
 Related Articles 
 Investing Wiki 
Pride International: 
 Pride International (NYSE: http://caps.fool.com/Ticker/PDE.aspx PDE) is an international provider of contract drilling and related services to oil and natural gas companies worldwide, operating offshore and on land.
 Want to learn more or edit this definition? 
 Click here to read more! 
