 Disney disregards ex-homosexuals (OneNewsNow.com) 
Disney disregards ex-homosexuals
Charlie Butts - OneNewsNow - 3/12/2010 6:45:00 AM
The Walt Disney Company has declined a motion to add former homosexuals to its sexual orientation and non-discrimination policy and diversity training, a measure that would have meant protections for those who have left that lifestyle.
Greg Quinlan, director of 
Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays and Gays
 (PFOX), presented the resolution at the recent annual shareholders meeting in San Antonio. But he explains that Disney board chairman John E. Pepper "responded in saying that the current policies were very inclusive and were very broad and that they could not lift every possible nuance to come."
 But, since the days of Michael Eisner as CEO, several so-called "nuances" have been added "where they included transsexuals, transvestites, as well as gay, lesbian and bisexual," Quinlan adds. "Transexual, transvestite is...still considered a mental health disorder," he notes.
 That is also in accordance with the diagnostic manual used by most mental health professionals. But those who have left the homosexual lifestyle are, in effect, placed in a closet, says Quinlan. "Well, they don't want to recognize anyone's right of self-determination -- and that was the point," the PFOX director notes.
 The resolution did not carry the required three-percent vote to be considered again next year, but PFOX does not plan to give up the fight. Quinlan stresses that years ago, many Christians sold their Disney stock out of objection to pro-homosexual policies, and he believes that Christians ought to retain ownership so they can exercise a more powerful voice in corporate affairs.
Connect with Facebook to comment
Logout of this site and Facebook
You have 140 characters left.
OneNewsNow.com - Business
Other Stories in Business
Offering Christians moral investing help
American imbalance -- Made in China
OneNewsNow.com recovers from weekend hacking
Islam gets special treatment in America
Does Wal-Mart control its employees&#39; presidential votes?
Abortion advocate nominated for top human rights post at U.N.
McDonald&#39;s boycott blows into Chicago
AFA calls for McDonald&#39;s boycott
Heinz in pickle over homosexual-laced mayo ad
Neutrality in culture war lauded
Canada: Unborn victims of crime bill blocked
California Supreme Court Refuses to Stay Same-Sex &#39;Marriage&#39; Decision
DOJ urged to pursue hard-core cases
Does your healthcare plan fund abortion?
Ethanol vs. rising food costs
Clothing company financial troubles no longer a &#39;Secret&#39;
Activist will withdraw proposal for Ford
Financial expert welcomes plan to overhaul federal regulatory system
Financial columnist says lesson to be learned from collapse of Bear Stearns
Journalist warns taxpayers may pay for Fed&#39;s mistakes
If you believe OneNewsNow.com is an important source for Christian news,
small tax-deductible gift
 Porn on the job at SEC 
 Greece wants rescue plan 
 TX big rig chase 
Arizona governor signs tough new illegals law
Report says health care will cover more, cost more
GOP ramps up attacks on SEC over porn surfing
Sarah Palin testifies in e-mail hacking case
Environment concerns grow over oil rig fire
 
US renews call for Iran to release detained hikers(2)
Senate to hold hearing on W.Va. mine disaster
GOP asks high court to undo 'soft money' ban(2)
Financial leaders encouraged by signs of recovery
White House: Oil spill no reason to stop drilling(2)
Kyrgyz officials use force to quell squatters
Christian activist arrested on the heels of human rights attorney's release
Rice bags and change bring love of Christ to children
Volunteers cut ministry's costs, share in kingdom building
Ancient ways come face-to-face with the hope of Christ
All Original Content Copyright 2006-2008 American Family News Network - All Rights Reserved. 
Get the ONN RSS Feed
"OneNewsNow", "OneNewsNow.com", and the "OneNewsNow World" logo, are Trademarks of the American Family News Network - All Rights Reserved
4/23/2010 4:15:11 PM
