Business & Financial News, Breaking US & International News | Reuters.com
 The Walt Disney Company (DIS)
DIS on New York Consolidated
Price Change	(% chg)
Latest Key Developments
 The Walt Disney Company Close To Miramax Sale For $625 Million-DJ
Wednesday, 21 Apr 2010 10:53pm EDT
Dow Jones reported that The Walt Disney Company is close to selling the Miramax film studio for $625 million to Ron Burkle's Yucaipa Cos., Bloomberg News reported, citing unnamed sources. The agreement could be completed in the next 48 hours, the report on Bloomberg's Web site said. Miramax founders and brothers Bob and Harvey Weinstein will manage the library but won't hold an equity stake, reports said. 
 The Walt Disney Company To Shut Nashville Label Lyric Street Records; Lay Off 20-25 Workers-AP
Wednesday, 14 Apr 2010 05:30pm EDT
The Associated Press reported that The Walt Disney Company is closing its Nashville recording label, Lyric Street Records, and will transition country music band Rascal Flatts to another Disney label. The phased shutdown will result in the layoff of about 20 to 25 employees after they finish promoting existing albums. It comes amid a cost-cutting overhaul at Disney's studio, which oversees the music group. 
 Yucaipa Submits $600 Million Bid For The Walt Disney Company 's Miramax-DJ
Thursday, 8 Apr 2010 07:54pm EDT
Dow Jones reported that Ron Burkle's Yucaipa Cos. has submitted a $600 million bid for The Walt Disney Company's Miramax studios, Bloomberg News reported, citing unnamed sources. Yucaipa bid would put Miramax founders Bob and Harvey Weinstein back in charge of the studio, responsible for cult films such as Pulp Fiction. The Walt Disney Company said it is considering bids above $650 million, the report on Bloomberg's Web site said. 
 Mesa Emerges As Bidder For The Walt Disney Company 's Miramax-Reuters
Wednesday, 17 Mar 2010 08:17pm EDT
Reuters reported that Mesa Global, an investment banking firm co-founded by former Creative Artists Agency executive Mark Patricof, has emerged as a potential bidder for The Walt Disney Company's Miramax film unit ahead of an offer deadline on Friday. 
 The Walt Disney Company And Google Inc. Eye Stake In China Bus Media Firm-Reuters
Monday, 8 Feb 2010 05:57am EST
Reuters reported that The Walt Disney Company is in advanced talks to buy into China's in-bus digital media and advertising company. Google Inc. was among investors in the Disney-led consortium. The consortium planned to buy a stake of between 30% and 40% in Bus Online for more than $100 million via a purchase of old and new shares to be issued by the company in private placements. 
 Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.'s Hollywood studio Lionsgate To Buy The Walt Disney Company's Miramax Film Unit-Reuters
Monday, 8 Feb 2010 05:14am EST
Reuters reported that according to The New York Post report, Hollywood studio Lionsgate, a unit of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. is looking to buy The Walt Disney Company's Miramax film unit. 
 The Walt Disney Company And The News Corporation's Fox, NBC Sued Over Patent Allegations-DJ
Wednesday, 20 Jan 2010 08:58pm EST
Dow Jones reported that The Walt Disney Company and some of The News Corporation's Fox units and NBC Universal Inc. are being sued by a trust associated with Alcatel-Lucent SA over alleged patent infringements involving video-compression technology, Bloomberg News reported, citing a court filing. Multimedia Patent Trust--of which Alcatel is a 99% beneficiary--claims the studios sold DVD and Blu-Ray discs that infringe five patents, the report said. It said the trust filed the complaint this week at a federal court in San Diego, and was also suing AudioVox Corp., Toshiba Corp.'s U.S. units and Bose Corp. The report quoted a The Walt Disney Company spokeswoman as saying the lawsuit is being addressed by the Motion Picture Association of America, and referred queries to the trade group. Elizabeth Kaltman, an MPAA spokeswoman, had no comment, the report said, while officials with Disney, NBC Universal, AudioVox and Toshiba didn't immediately return messages seeking comment, according to the report. 
 The Walt Disney Company Completes Marvel Entertainment, Inc.Acquisition
Thursday, 31 Dec 2009 04:32pm EST
The Walt Disney Company announced that Disney has completed its acquisition of renowned character franchise company, Marvel Entertainment Inc. Under the terms of the agreement and based on the closing price of Disney on December 31, Marvel shareholders will receive a total of $30 a share in cash plus approximately 0.7452 Disney shares for each Marvel share they own. 
 CBS Corporation and The Walt Disney Company May Join Apple Inc. TV Venture-Reuters
Tuesday, 22 Dec 2009 04:23am EST
Reuters reported that, according to the Wall Street Journal, Apple Inc.'s plan of offering television subscription via the internet might receive a boost with CBS Corporation and The Walt Disney Company probable participation in the venture. The planned subscription service by Apple may offer television shows from major networks for a monthly fee, which could significantly alter the television business, the paper said, citing people familiar with the matter. Apple is aiming to complete licensing deals and expects to introduce the subscription service in 2010. 
 City Telecom (H.K.) Limited's Hong Kong Broadband Network Limited Announces Partnership With The Walt Disney Company's Disney-ABC International Television
Wednesday, 16 Dec 2009 06:21am EST
Hong Kong Broadband Network Limited (HKBN), a wholly owned subsidiary of City Telecom (H.K.) Limited announced a partnership with Disney-ABC International Television (DAIT), Asia Pacific, the integrated distribution arm of The Walt Disney Company, to launch Disney Channel and Playhouse Disney Channel starting December 16, 2009, as part of the channel package tailored for children and education on HKBN's bbTV IPTV platform. 
The Walt Disney Company News
History gets adventure makeover for TV series
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Think history is something confined to books? Think again.
&#187; More DIS News
&#187; More Financials
