Stock Market Update: Citigroup (NYSE:C), Palm (NASDAQ:PALM), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Google (NASDAQ:GOOG), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) | Jutia Group
Friday, April 23rd, 2010
Stock Market Update: Citigroup (NYSE:C), Palm (NASDAQ:PALM), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Google (NASDAQ:GOOG), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM)
 March 19th, 2010 &bull; 
 Filed Under: 
Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)
JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM)
 may pull out of syndicate loan talks aimed at helping fund India&rsquo;s Bharti Airtel Ltd.&rsquo;s bid to buy African assets of Kuwait&rsquo;s Mobile Telecommunications Co., the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter. Citigroup is part of the group negotiating the $8.5 million U.S. dollar denominated loan but may quit because of the tight pricing; other banks include Standard Chartered Plc, Barclays Plc and State Bank of India Ltd., the newspaper said. &ndash;
 were off by more than 15% in premarket trading Friday despite reporting higher-than-expected quarterly earnings and a smaller loss Thursday. The company said consumers are passing on its flagship Pre and Pixi phones for other brands of smart phone, such as the 
 Android-based phones. The lackluster results are further evidence that the one-time mobile pioneer is being trumped by rivals and could become a takeover target. &ndash;
 The pressure is building on Texas Rangers owner Tom Hicks. A group of banks including 
 is rebuffing an effort by the Texas sports investor to keep as much as $90 million from the sale of the Rangers baseball team, according to people familiar with the matter. The banks, which Mr. Hicks&#8217;s Hicks Sports Group owes more than $500 million, have told him that they won&#8217;t approve any sale agreement that allows him to keep a substantial portion of the sale proceeds. &ndash;
The Wall Street Journal
Democrats pushing for health care reform are closer to the finish line than ever, but it&#8217;s not over yet. And the question of cost will remain a central issue in coming days. On Thursday, the Congressional Budget Office weighed in with a key, if still very preliminary, cost estimate. 
 for the full story. &ndash;CNN Money
JPMorgan gets paid to borrow $271 billion
 (naked capitalism, 4/16/10) 
Citigroup’s Chuck Prince confirms that risky behavior drives out prudent when risk is rewarded
 (naked capitalism, 4/9/10) 
 (All Allan, 4/8/10) 
 Read more on 
Sign Up for JutiaGroup Underground and Receive Handpicked Stories Delivered to Your Inbox!!
Mail (will not be published) (required)
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail
Where Will The Dow Jones Industrial Average Be At Year's End?
Improve the web with 
