Citigroup, Inc. (C) Set To Double Team Assisting Institutional Investment In Hedge Funds | Benzinga.com
Citigroup, Inc. (C) Set To Double Team Assisting Institutional Investment In Hedge Funds 
Recent Articles by Ed Liston
Posted on 03/22/10 at 11:07am by 
Bloomberg reports that the London based Global Prime Finance Head of Citigroup, Inc. (NYSE: 
), Nick Roe, said in an interview in Hong Kong on March 19 that the bank is planning to double the size of the team that is helping pension and government backed funds manage direct hedge fund investments. This targeted increase of the team (which currently has 30 members) will most likely be completed in the next 18 to 24 month period. 
Roe went on to add that with the bank expanding its services from Europe and the U.S. to Asia, this region will probably get a disproportionate number of the new additions. Since the financial crisis started in 2007, the global hedge fund industry is anticipating its first annual net capital inflow this year. Increasingly, it has been noted that the biggest allocators are pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and foundations. Gradually, these funds are bypassing the traditional methodology of investing in fund-of-funds and are moving towards direct investments in hedge funds. This has obviously led to an increase in demand for services to help manage their holdings. 
Citigroup’s plan of action is based on this back drop. As Roe said, “We see it as one of the major growth areas for us. The pension funds, the institutional asset market are going directly to hedge funds. It was the reverse of what the investor profile was two years ago.” As far as Asia is concerned, Hannah Goodwin, the Regional Head of Prime Finance of the bank, said that Citigroup sees potential demand for these services from Australia’s superannuation funds and the big investment companies in Singapore.
Bookmark/Search this post with: 
You are not watching this post, click to start watching
Today&#039;s Trading Ideas
Related News from the Stock Market
There are 0 comments
Receive Benzinga&#039;s Best 2010 Stock Idea!
