Citi Recognized for Superior Mutual Fund Service by National Quality Review | Business Wire
 March 23, 2010 12:02 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
Citi Recognized for Superior Mutual Fund Service by National Quality Review
Earns 5-Star Ratings for Transaction Processing and Service Excellence
)--Citigroup today announced that its mutual fund transfer agent services achieved 5-Star performance ratings from National Quality Review (NQR) for the 12-months ending December 2009. During this period, NQR analyzed two areas of Citi Fund Services&#8217; customer experience: Transaction Processing and Telephone Service. Each achieved the independent assessment firm&#8217;s 5-Star rating. 
&#8220;We cater to the requirements and expectations of each client constituency: broker/dealers, financial planners, registered investment advisors, institutional servicing teams and direct shareholders.&#8221;
 This marks the seventh straight year in which Citi has been an NQR 5-Star performer in Telephone Customer Service and/or Transaction Processing. "What sets our transfer agency services apart, and what I believe is a contributing factor in earning these top rankings, is our unique alignment by distribution channel,&#8221; said Bob Wallace, Citi&#8217;s North America Regional Head of Securities and Fund Services. &#8220;We cater to the requirements and expectations of each client constituency: broker/dealers, financial planners, registered investment advisors, institutional servicing teams and direct shareholders.&#8221; 
 The NQR 5-Star rating is awarded to organizations within the top quartile of their competitive benchmark who demonstrate statistical, long-term service performance measured over a 12-month period. The quality assessments, which include a random sampling of customer inquiries, focus on the service representative&#8217;s ability to build and maintain strong customer service relationships, including actively engaging the customer, fully servicing the customer, and ensuring total customer satisfaction. 
 According to Neeraj Sahai, Citi&#8217;s Global Head of Securities and Fund Services, &#8220;NQR's independent assessment is a strong testament to our people &#8211; their expertise, hard work and daily commitment to putting the needs of our clients first &#8211; as well as to our unwavering dedication to providing the best customer service, quality and shareholder experience in the fund industry.&#8221; 
 Citi's shareholder servicing solutions support international asset managers of both retail and institutional funds whose products are sold directly or through intermediaries. In North America, Citi is one of the largest transfer agent providers servicing over 10 million shareholder accounts. 
 Citi's operating controls are designed to minimize risk to funds and their shareholders, including a comprehensive anti-money laundering and fraud prevention program. Citi also maintains a transparent, independent compliance monitoring function to support a client's Rule 38a-1 compliance. 
 In addition to its award-winning transfer agency services, Citi offers fund and partnership accounting, fund administration, compliance, regulatory support, alternative investment services and front- and middle-office asset manager solutions. 
 Through its Securities and Fund Services business, Citi's industry-focused experts provide investors worldwide with tailored solutions delivered though proven global platforms that feature modular, open architecture. With over $12 trillion of assets under custody and the industry's largest proprietary network, clients can leverage Citi's local market expertise and global reach to extract value across the entire investment value chain. 
 Global Transaction Services, a division of Citi's Institutional Clients Group, offers integrated cash management, trade, and securities and fund services to multinational corporations, financial institutions and public sector organizations around the world. With a network that spans more than 100 countries, Citi's Global Transaction Services supports over 65,000 clients. As of the fourth quarter of 2009, it held on average $335 billion in liability balances and $12.1 trillion in assets under custody. 
About National Quality Review
 Founded in 1991, NQR offers a unique perspective to its clients on service quality performance. NQR's founding partners and staff specialize in service performance measurement, quality assessment, training, survey design, and statistical reporting. NQR has a staff of 75 financial service professionals with backgrounds in load and no-load mutual funds, insurance and variable annuity operations. The staff has an average of more than 15 years&#8217; experience in financial services. Many of the individuals have earned Series 6, 63, or 7 licenses and are certified by the American Society for Quality and/or Six Sigma. Additional information may be found at 
 Citi, the leading global financial services company, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 140 countries. Through Citicorp and Citi Holdings, Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Additional information may be found at 
 Contacts 
Nina Das, 212-816-9267
 http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100323006682/en/Citi-Recognized-Superior-Mutual-Fund-Service-National
Company Information Center
More Business Wire sites
