Market Updates: JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM , Citigroup NYSE:C , Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan NYSE:POT , Ann Taylor NYSE:ANN | Jutia Group
Friday, April 23rd, 2010
Market Updates: JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM , Citigroup NYSE:C , Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan NYSE:POT , Ann Taylor NYSE:ANN  March 12th, 2010 &bull;  Filed Under: Ann Taylor NYSE:ANN JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan NYSE:POT A court appointed examiner said demands from  for collateral helped to drive Lehman Brothers into bankruptcy.In other news, Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan
 sharply raised its first quarter forecast on Thursday, citing a sharp rebound in demand for potash &#8212; a key crop nutrient.Shares jumped over 7% before the bell.Also,  on Friday swung to a fourth quarter profit even as sales fell 3% after it controlled inventory and revamped merchandise to help sell more products at full price.Shares declined 1.8% even though the company forecast a strong quarter.&ndash;
 European Union finance ministers will discuss next week whether any Greek bailout should be funded by EU bonds guaranteed by euro region governments, said three people briefed on preparations for March 15 16 meetings.Another option would be for governments in the 16 nation bloc to give Greece loans to help the country finance its budget deficit, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.Any EU bond sale would have to be agreed upon by all 27 EU nations, they said.&ndash;
 The dollar gained ground against rivals after stronger U.S. economic data fueled bets that the Federal Reserve will tighten monetary policy sooner than expected.The greenback hit an intraday high against the yen, trading close to 91 yen, and pared overnight losses against the euro after U.S. retail sales in February unexpectedly rose.&ndash;
The Wall Street Journal
 China could allow its currency to begin appreciating against the U.S. dollar within the next month, as Beijing responds to growing pressure from Washington to allow its currency to trade more freely, according to analysts.Pressure to end the yuan&#8217;s de facto peg to the U.S. dollar for the last 20 months will increase in the weeks leading up to the U.S. Treasury Department&#8217;s currency report, due to be released April 15.&quot;If China does not make an obvious move away from its [U.S. dollar] peg in the next month, the U.S. is likely to impose trade sanctions,&quot; wrote Standard Chartered analysts Stephen Green and Mary Nicola in a research.JPMorgan gets paid to borrow $271 billion
 naked capitalism, 4/16/10 Does Judge Rakoff Smackdown of Heinous JP Morgan Conduct Mark Beginning of a Sea Change?naked capitalism, 2/20/10 THE UNSPOKEN MACRO OF THE CITIBANK SAGA
 THE PRAGMATIC CAPITALIST, 4/2/10  Read more on Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan
Sign Up for JutiaGroup Underground and Receive Handpicked Stories Delivered to Your Inbox!!There Is 1 Response So Far.Buy Citi, especially now, the stock is still undervalued and is taking a nice pullback!Mail will not be published required Notify me of followup comments via e mail
Where Will The Dow Jones Industrial Average Be At Year's End?Improve the web with 