MARKET SNAPSHOT: Stocks Rangebound As Financials Pull Back - FOXBusiness.com
Existing users please login
 Remember me on this computer
Friday, March 12, 2010
MARKET SNAPSHOT: Stocks Rangebound As Financials Pull Back
 The recent momentum in financial stocks ebbed, leaving the market at risk of snapping a three-day winning streak as Friday's closing bell neared. 
 Investors digested mixed readings of consumer spending and sentiment, and many traders avoided big bets ahead of a packed calendar of economic releases next week. But a few corporate announcements spurred moves in basic materials -- the market's strongest sector -- and health care, a key laggard. 
 The Dow Jones Industrial Average (
), which has risen nearly 60 points over the last three days, was recently off 6 points, or 0.1%, at 10618.42. The measure was hurt in part by a 1.2% decline in Pfizer (
) after the drug manufacturer said it ended a late-stage trial for an experimental lung-cancer drug. In addition, Pfizer said two late-stage studies of its advanced breast cancer drug Sutent failed to meet their primary endpoints. 
 The Nasdaq Composite Index (
) was off 0.1%. The S&P 500 (
) was down 0.1%, led by a 0.8% gain in its financial sector, which came into Friday's trading on an unprecedented 10-day winning streak. 
 All four financial stocks that posted sharp gains earlier in the week on speculation the government might soon unload its remaining stakes in them turned lower on Friday. 
) was off 5.4%, although it remained the most-active stock, representing almost a quarter of New York Stock Exchange composite volume. 
) was off 2.7%, Freddie Mac (
) fell 1.5% and American International Group (
 Despite Friday's poor showing, traders said the strong weekly trend in the financials could be a promising signal for the broader market looking ahead. 
 "It's good to see them showing some leadership again, since you really need the financials to participate in order to have a bull market that lasts," said trader Ryan Detrick, of Schaeffer's Investment Research in Cincinnati. 
 Referring to the recent financial crisis, he added: "They were the ones that got us into the mess, and to a certain extent, they have to bring us out." 
 The basic-materials sector was a market bright spot on Friday, helped by a 7.2% surge in Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan (
). The fertilizer maker raised its first-quarter profit outlook, citing rising demand for its products. 
 On the economic front, the Commerce Department reported that U.S. retail sales rose 0.3% in February. Economists had expected a 0.3% decrease. 
 Other economic measures released Friday weren't as promising, however. The preliminary University of Michigan/Reuters consumer sentiment index fell to 72.5, from 73.6 in February. Economists had anticipated it would rise to 73.8. 
 Meanwhile, the Commerce Department reported U.S. business inventories were unchanged in January, reflecting tepid sales and increasing stocks of automobiles and other goods. Wall Street economists had forecast inventories would edge up 0.1%. 
 Investors also began turning their attention to key reports due next week, including data on housing and inflation. In addition, the Federal Reserve's interest-rate committee is due to meet and issue a new policy statement. 
 Among stocks to watch, United Technologies (
) shed 1.1% earlier after it reaffirmed its existing earnings guidance for this year and accelerated the margin target for its Hamilton Sundstrand aerospace unit. But the manufacturer cut its forecast of operating profit at its Otis elevator unit. 
) dropped 3.6% after the discount brokerage warned first-quarter earnings will fall short of fourth-quarter levels as it continues to face revenue pressures and expects higher costs. 
) climbed 4.2%. The teen retailer's fourth-quarter earnings rose 42% on better margins and continually strong sales, and its earnings outlook for the fiscal first quarter and year trumped analysts' estimates. 
 In other markets, the dollar weakened against both the euro and the yen. Crude-oil prices slid near $81 per barrel, while gold futures also declined. Treasurys were mixed, with the two-year note (UST2YR)off 1/32 to yield 0.968% and the 10-year note (UST10Y) up 5/32 to yield 3.708%. 
Copyright &copy; 2009 Dow Jones Newswires
Personal Finance - Investing - Financial News - Business News - Stock Market Quotes & News - Small Business
Jobs at FOX Business Network
. For FOXBusiness.com technical issues write to 
foxbusinessonline@foxbusiness.com
; for all other feedback, write to 
feedback@foxbusiness.com
Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (
). Powered and implemented by 
Interactive Data Managed Solutions
. Company fundamental data provided by 
. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. &copy;2010 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
