 Contra Costa Times, Walnut Creek, Calif., Drew Voros column: Voros: Banks profit from U.S. debt rather than lending 
Contra Costa Times, Walnut Creek, Calif., Drew Voros column: Voros: Banks profit from U.S. debt rather than lending
Wednesday, March 17, 2010 9:52 AM
(Source: Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, Calif.))
By Drew Voros, Contra Costa Times, Walnut Creek, Calif.


Mar. 17--Comedian Steve Martin has told this joke for more than 30 years: "Let me tell you how to make a million dollars? First, .... get a million dollars (drum rim shot)." 

If you're a large American bank, you can "get $1 million" for $2,500 in interest a year. Since December 2008, the Federal Reserve's bank lending rate has held steady at 0.25 percent, as close to free money as it gets. Tuesday, the Fed voted to keep this sweet deal for banks in place, despite some talk it is ready to begin raising key lending rates. 

For now, the nearly free money continues to flow. Don't stop a good thing, conventional banking wisdom says, by raising interest rates and rocking the recovery boat. 

But conventional banking, where banks profit from loans they originate, is missing at sea. Instead, big American banks have learned how that nearly free money can buy sure bets, which create profit and produce those multimillion-dollar bank bonuses that have even the White House crying foul. 

But those complaints in the Oval Office ring hollow. The Obama administration and the Federal Reserve are the main enablers for a profit machine that cannot fail. 

Banks have been making profits by taking the nearly free money (0.25 percent interest) and buying Treasury bonds in a way that makes Steve Martin's joke sound more prophetic than comedic. The profit is the reason for the executive bonuses that attract more attention than why they were 

In Steve Martin Banking Math, American banks "get" $1 million from the Fed and then move over to the Treasury bond line and purchase a 10-year note, which has been paying around 3.7 percent annually. With a yield spread of 3.45 percent, an annual profit of $34,500 is realized per $1 million. 

Of course, for the biggest American banks, $1 million transactions of this sort would be silly. Banks aren't pikers. They "get" more like $100 million at a time, many times over, many banks over. Simple math shows that each of those deals produces nearly $3.5 million in profit per year. Do you see now how to make a million dollars? 

The nearly free money available to banks, though, was intended to be lent, not spent on U.S. debt. But buying 10-year notes has had unintended consequences that keeps everyone happy, especially since Uncle Sam is finding its debt a tougher sell overseas. Because the 10-year note is closely tied to mortgage rates, the more of those that sell, the cheaper mortgages are, at least that's what conventional banking wisdom also says. 

More affirmation of our New Normal Banking surfaced Monday. The Treasury Department said loan originations by nine U.S. banks that received government financial assistance dropped 35 percent in January from the prior month. Citigroup Inc., which reported the most among the nine, said originations fell 35 percent to $10.6 billion from a month earlier. 

Last week Citigroup's CEO Vikram Pandit told an investor conference the bank was back on the road to profitability after 2009 saw an $8 billion loss. Well, that road is not paved with loans to consumer and businesses. Citi profits from using free money to buy taxpayer financed bonds instead of reviving Main Street. Welcome to the recovery. 

Drew Voros is the business editor. His column runs on Wednesdays. He can be reached at avoros@bayareanewsgroup.com. Follow him at Twitter.com/bizeditor.


To see more of the Contra Costa Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to http://www.contracostatimes.com/.


Copyright (c) 2010, Contra Costa Times, Walnut Creek, Calif.


Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.


For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

A service of YellowBrix, Inc.

 Subscribe to 
Rate this Commentary
 Name: 
 
 Alert for new comments:
 Your email: 
 Your Website:
 Title: 
RadEditor hidden textarea
 
 
Related Press Releases
 | 
 | 
 | 
 Join Blog Network
 copryright 2010 all rights reserved 
 Fundamental data is provided by 
Zacks Investment Research
, market data is provided by 
, and Commentary and Press Releases provided by 
