BedfordReport.com: Complimentary Analyst Research on Citigroup, Inc. (NYSE: C), Sirius XM Radio, Inc. (Nasdaq: SIRI), Motorola, Inc. (NYSE: MOT), Microsoft Corp. (Nasdaq: MSFT) and Many More | SYS-CON CANADA
Jump to a SYS-CON Magazine
.NET Developer's Journal
AjaxWorld Magazine - AWM
Cloud Computing Journal
ColdFusion Developer's Journal
Eclipse Developer's Journal
Enterprise Open Source Magazine
Flex Developer's Journal - Flex
Internet Video - iTV
iPhone Developer's Journal - iPHONE
Java Developer's Journal
Open Web Developer's Journal
PowerBuilder Developer's Journal
SEO/SEM (Search) Journal
Silverlight Developer's Journal
SOAWorld Magazine - SWM
Symbian Developer's Journal
Virtualization.SYS-CON.com
Wireless Business & Technology
 The World's Leading Resource on Rich Internet Applications!
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
 &middot; 
How Might Entity Framework Affect Us?
kingsnake wrote: Hi, Great article! Datawindows that support classes as data sources, That's Datawindows with steroids! I surely use Entity Framework 4.0! Best Regards
Apr. 22, 2010 11:02 AM EDT
read more & respond &raquo;
Cloud Expo on Google News
Did you read today's 
SYS-CON.TV: SOA Power Panel Live From Times Square
SOA, WOA and Cloud Computing: The New Frontier for Data Services
The Opening of Virtualization
User Environment Management – The Third Layer of the Desktop
Cloud Computing for Business Agility 
CMIS: A Multi-Vendor Proposal for a Service-Based Content Management Interoperability Standard
Practical SOA&rdquo; Max Yankelevich
Architecting an Enterprise Service Router (ESR) – A Cost-Effective Way to Scale SOA Across the Enterprise
Return on Assests: Bringing Visibility to your SOA Strategy
Managing Hybrid Endpoint Environments
Game-Changing Technology for Enterprise Clouds and Applications
Get ‘Rich’ Quick: Rapid Prototyping for RIA with ZERO Server Code
Designing for and Managing Performance in the New Frontier of Rich Internet Applications
How Can AJAX Improve Homeland Security?
Beyond Widgets: What a RIA Platform Should Offer
REAs: Rich Enterprise Applications
Click For 2008 Event Webcasts
View Current Issue Cover
BedfordReport.com: Complimentary Analyst Research on Citigroup, Inc. (NYSE: C), Sirius XM Radio, Inc. (Nasdaq: SIRI), Motorola, Inc. (NYSE: MOT), Microsoft Corp. (Nasdaq: MSFT) and Many More 
Note to Editors: The Following Is an Investment Opinion Being Issued by The Bedford Report
Apr. 5, 2010 12:00 PM
TORONTO -- (Marketwire) -- 04/05/10 -- The Bedford Report is pleased to announce that its latest Market Update analyzing recent news and events on Citigroup, Inc. (NYSE: C), Sirius XM Radio, Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI), Motorola, Inc. (NYSE: MOT), and Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) has been released.


In this issue of The Bedford Report we weigh the pros and cons of a Sirius reverse stock split and discuss Motorola's growth strategies. We also analyze current trends with Microsoft and, following all the positive news from Citigroup, our analysts explain why they have raised their outlook for the money center bank. There is much more analysis regarding these companies and many more available at 
www.bedfordreport.com

Our updated analyst reports on Citigroup, Sirius, Motorola and Microsoft include:


-- An unbiased view and rating of the company

-- Recent key developments

-- Solid analyst summary -- who's saying what and why?

-- In-depth industry analysis and outlook

-- Major upcoming events to watch out for


Take the few minutes to register with us at 
www.BedfordReport.com
 and get access to numerous company reports and industry newsletters and stay abreast of market highlights so you can make the best investment decisions at the right time. Like you, we realize that timing is everything and so we only put out updates and analysis when the markets are ripe for immediate action.


BedfordReport.com has not been compensated by any of the above mentioned companies. We act as an independent research portal and are aware that all investment entails inherent risks.


Please view the full disclaimer: 
http://www.BedfordReport.com/disclaimer.php

Published Apr. 5, 2010&mdash; Reads 881 
Copyright &copy; 2010 SYS-CON Media, Inc. &mdash; All Rights Reserved. 
Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author. 
Copyright © 2009 Marketwire. All rights reserved. All the news releases provided by Market Wire are copyrighted. Any forms of copying other than an individual user's personal reference without express written permission is prohibited. Further distribution of these materials is strictly forbidden, including but not limited to, posting, emailing, faxing, archiving in a public database, redistributing via a computer network or in a printed form.
Latest AJAXWorld RIA Stories
Apple Checkmates Adobe
Adobe introduced its Creative Suite 5 (CS5) Monday, the thing on which nearly 60% of its revenues depends, the thing that’s got to sell better than recession-tossed CS4 did, in the middle of a hailstorm that drew more attention to it than it normally would have gotten. Last Thu...
Apr. 16, 2010 10:45 AM EDT
Garbage Collection in IE7
After my recent presentation at TSSJS – Performance Anti-Patterns in AJAX Applications - I got interesting feedback from one of the attendees: “The presentation was good but I thought you are talking more about actual problems with XHR/AJAX Requests”. I have to admit that I focus...
Apr. 15, 2010 12:08 PM EDT
Adobe Introduces Adobe Flash Catalyst CS5
Adobe introduced on Monday Adobe Flash Catalyst CS5, the new professional interaction design tool that allows designers to rapidly create expressive Web application interfaces and design interaction without writing code. With Adobe Flash Catalyst CS5, Flash Professional CS5 an...
Apr. 12, 2010 08:05 AM EDT
IBM Reads Orwell’s “1984,” Tries Rewriting History
Once the news got out that it had welched on its 2005 patent pledge to the open source community and had threatened TurboHercules (TH) with patent infringement, IBM had to come up with some cover story or another to contain the fallout. So it switched places with many of its obse...
Apr. 9, 2010 03:30 PM EDT
Flash Player Will Be Packaged with Google Chrome
Adobe has announced that they made a deal with Google: the new releases of Chrome Web browser will be packaged with the latest version of Flash Player. Even though the only person I know who uses Chrome is my younger son (he just says it's cool), this is an important announcement...
Apr. 1, 2010 08:00 AM EDT
 Subscribe to the World&#039;s Most Powerful Newsletters 
 Subscribe to Our Rss Feeds & Get Your SYS-CON News Live! 
Publish Your Article!
 Please send it to editorial(at)sys-con.com! 
Advertise on this site!
 Contact advertising(at)sys-con.com! 201 802-3021
 SYS-CON Featured Whitepapers 
French Government Bans Use of &quot;2.0&quot;
An Exclusive Interview with Oracle, Cloud Expo 2010 Diamond Sponsor
Exclusive Q&A with Adaptivity, Cloud Expo 2010 Platinum Plus Sponsor
Exclusive Q&A with Abiquo CEO Pete Malcolm
Cloud Computing Bootcamp Returns to Cloud Expo in New York April 20, 2010
Cloud Expo to Offer Special Free Pass to Everyone Who Retweets @CloudExpo
Gosling Out of Oracle
Novell Named &#039;Bronze Sponsor&#039; of Largest Cloud Computing Event in the World
Cloud Expo Announces CloudCamp @CloudExpo To Be Held April 20, 2010
Cloud Expo, Inc. Names Carmen Gonzalez President & CEO
NaviSite Named “Gold Sponsor” of World&#039;s Largest Cloud Computing Event
