Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Family Dollar, FTI Consulting, Wells Fargo, Citigroup and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. | Business Wire
 March 15, 2010 05:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
 Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Family Dollar, FTI Consulting, Wells Fargo, Citigroup and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. 
Zacks Equity Research
) as the Bull of the Day and 
) the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks Equity Research provides analysis on 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.
 Full analysis of all these stocks is available at 
http://at.zacks.com/?id=2678
 Here is a synopsis of all five stocks: 
Bull of the Day
) strategic initiatives to improve merchandising and store operations have helped grow the top and bottom lines. The company's point-of-sale technology and store realignment initiatives are helping to drive traffic. 
 There is tremendous opportunity to increase gross margins by a renewed effort on its store brand portfolio. These initiatives helped the company post better-than-expected second-quarter 2010 sales results, and prompted management to raise its earnings guidance. 
 Although the intense competition and shift in demand to lower-margin consumable merchandise categories triggered by the recent economic downturn remains a concern, we have an Outperform recommendation on the stock. 
Bear of the Day
 We are downgrading our recommendation on 
) to Underperform from Neutral as a dramatic deceleration is expected in Corporate Finance and Restructuring through the remainder of 2010. 
 The company's fourth quarter earnings came in only a couple of pennies short of the Zacks Consensus Estimate due to disciplined expense management and fewer share count. However, any significant growth was restricted by declining revenues from Technology and Strategic Communication segments. 
 Further, the near-term outlook on these segments remains cautious due to the ongoing market turmoil, which is also expected to adversely affect the company's primary segment, Corporate Finance and Restructuring. We believe there is no significant growth driver to pull operating leverage in the near term. 
 Latest Posts on the Zacks 
Yellen Reported to Be Vice Chair
 Keeping the Fed Funds rate low is needed right now given the enormous amount of slack in the economy. The two key measures of this are the unemployment rate -- which on an &#8220;official basis&#8221; (U-3) stands at 9.7% -- and people who have been involuntarily cut back to part-time status or are otherwise under-employed are factored in (U-6) stands at 16.8%. 
 Capacity utilization is currently at 72.6%; 80% is more normal. Under such conditions, runaway inflation is unlikely to be a major problem. There is simply no way for the wage side of a wage-price spiral to gain any traction. 
 A low Fed Funds rate will also keep the yield curve very steep. This is very good news for the banks, as one of their core economic functions is to borrow short (for example, take in checking deposits which can be withdrawn at any time) and lend long (say, a mortgage or a commercial term loan).&#160;The steeper the curve; the greater the margin. 
 This is allowing banks like 
) to earn their way back to health.&#160;Since banks have cut back on dividend payments and share repurchases (ordered, too, in the case of the TARP banks, strongly encouraged to by the regulators by smaller banks), this has allowed banks to rebuild their depleted capital. 
Starwood&#8217;s Rating Outlook Stable
 Yesterday, Fitch Ratings affirmed 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.'s
) ratings. The outlook was revised to Stable from Negative. 
 Fitch has affirmed the Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at 'BB+', $1.875 billion senior unsecured credit facility at 'BB+' and $2.7 billion of senior unsecured notes at 'BB+'. 
 The affirmation of Starwood&#8217;s ratings and its outlook revision to stable reflects the improved scenario in lodging. There is a modest recovery in industry demand trends. Additionally, the ratings reflect the company&#8217;s effort to strengthen the balance sheet, the repositioning of its timeshare business and its ability to access the capital markets during difficult market conditions. 
 Get the full analysis of all these stocks by going to 
http://at.zacks.com/?id=2649
About the Bull and Bear of the Day
 Every day, the analysts at Zacks Equity Research select two stocks that are likely to outperform (Bull) or underperform (Bear) the markets over the next 3-6 months. 
About the Analyst Blog
 Updated throughout every trading day, the 
 provides analysis from Zacks Equity Research about the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. 
About Zacks Equity Research
 Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term. 
 Continuous analyst coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations and target prices are six-month time horizons. 
"Profit from the Pros"
 e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today by visiting 
http://at.zacks.com/?id=2677
 Zacks.com is a property of 
Zacks Investment Research
, Inc., which was formed in 1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD in mathematics Len knew he could find patterns in stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the 
, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros at 
http://at.zacks.com/?id=4582
http://www.zacks.com/performance
 for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release. 
 Follow us on Twitter: 
http://twitter.com/zacksresearch
 Join us on Facebook: 
http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?ref=ts
 Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. 
 Contacts 
 http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100315006295/en/Zacks-Bull-Bear-Day-Highlights-Family-Dollar
More Business Wire sites
