Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Citigroup Inc., Fifth Third Bancorp, Suntrust Banks Inc., Comerica Inc. and Marshall &amp; Ilsley | TradingMarkets.com 
 New ETF Book by Larry Connors - 
Click here to read more
 
Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Citigroup Inc., Fifth Third Bancorp, Suntrust Banks Inc., Comerica Inc. and Marshall & Ilsley
Posted on: Wed, 17 Mar 2010 17:00:00 EDT
, 
, 
, 
, 
 Do you know when to trade 
 & 
 ? 
 Check for a 
 from TradingMarkets 
 CHICAGO, Mar 17, 2010 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- 
Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include: Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: 
), Fifth Third Bancorp (Nasdaq: 
), Suntrust Banks Inc. (NYSE: 
), Comerica Inc. (NYSE: 
) and Marshall & Ilsley Corp. (NYSE: 
Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=4579 
Here are highlights from Tuesday's Analyst Blog: 
New Loans Fall at TARP Banks 
The U.S. Treasury said on Monday that new loans at nine major banks, which received significant government aid through the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) during the height of the financial crisis and have not repaid yet, tumbled in Jan 2010. 
In its monthly survey of lending on the TARP banks, the Treasury found that new loan originations at these nine banks fell about 35% from Dec 2009 to $35.9 billion in Jan 2010. The amount was even lower than $41.6 billion of loan originations in October when new loans had fallen last. 
According to the Treasury, the drop in loan originations in January could partially be a result of large increases in originations during November and December of 2009. 
Some of the nine major banks that are under survey by the Treasury are: Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), Fifth Third Bancorp (Nasdaq: FITB), Suntrust Banks Inc. (NYSE: STI), Comerica Inc. (NYSE: CMA) and Marshall & Ilsley Corp. (NYSE: MI). 
However, the survey confirms that the average loan balances were up by 2% in January from December. 
Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5514. 
About Zacks Equity Research 
Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term. 
Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations and target prices are six-month time horizons. 
Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5516 
Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in 1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD in mathematics Len knew he could find patterns in stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros at http://at.zacks.com/?id=4580. 
Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release. 
Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch 
Join us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?ref=ts 
Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. 
 Zacks.com Mark Vickery Web Content Editor 312-265-9380 Visit: www.zacks.com 
For full details on Citigroup (C) 
. Citigroup (C) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Citigroup (C) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) 
. Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on Suntrust Banks Inc (STI) 
. Suntrust Banks Inc (STI) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Suntrust Banks Inc (STI) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on Comerica Inc (CMA) 
. Comerica Inc (CMA) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Comerica Inc (CMA) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on Marshall & Ilsley Corp (MI) 
. Marshall & Ilsley Corp (MI) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Marshall & Ilsley Corp (MI) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
Learn new strategies, how to trade in this market, and the stocks you should be focusing on each day. Join us for our 
 20 minute tele-seminars during the week.
 Thursday April 29 12:30 PM 
Hear What Kevin Haggerty Sees in the Stock Market Today!
 Wednesday April 28 01:00 PM 
Hear What Gary Kaltbaum Sees in the Stock Market Today!
 * Attendance is strictly limited and are filled on a first-come, first-served basis. 
