 Citigroup (C) Stock Looking Good On Fed Decision | News Briefs
Citigroup (C) Stock Looking Good On Fed Decision
Wednesday, March 17, 2010
Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) stock is maintaining its strength, after the Fed announced it would hold the line on interest rate hikes. Now the big question for investors seems to concern what Citigroup plans on doing for profit. The winds of financial regulation are blowing mightily through Washington, so cautious investors wonder just how this will affect Citigroup. 
The financial regulation that is expected to come later hasn&#8217;t hit just yet. Therefore Citigroup is maintaining certain proprietary trading operations that are contributing to the bottom line. Citigroup moved most of these units to Citi Holdings, where they&#8217;re not expected to get any additional capital from C, but in the mean time some of these units are still making money. Financial regulation could bring an end to these operations forever, but in the mean-time, a company has &#8216;gotta eat.&#8217; 
Citigroup looks for expanding fees in hot growing sectors
One sector that Citi wants to earn more money from is the hot-earning ETF division. ETFs are now extremely popular with investors and Citigroup is upgrading its back office support for the products. 
Yesterday the company announced its appointment of Jeffrey McCarthy as Global ETF Product Head in its Securities and Fund Services business (SFS).
&#8220;With its global network and reach, Citi is uniquely positioned to help promote ETF product innovation and distribution in domestic and international markets,&#8221; said Neeraj Sahai, Global Head of Citi’s Securities and Fund Services, in a statement. &#8220;Jeff’s extensive market experience and product expertise will complement Citi’s emerging market capabilities and help enable our asset manager clients launch new ETF products on a comprehensive basis.&#8221;
Citigroup already offers a dizzying array of services to the ETF sales channels, and looks ready to expand even further into the arena. With ETFs growing rapidly, Citi has identified the area as one with fast growth potential. In order to continue to engineer a turnaround, that&#8217;s exactly what C needs to do. They have to abandon the notions of what businesses were bringing in big cash in the past, and move on to greener pastures of what is actually making money now. 
Citi&#8217;s Global Transaction Services is one example of the reach the company still maintains. This division has over 65,000 customers and $12.1 trillion of assets under management.
Lending is still the big problem
One weak spot for Citigroup, and all the other major financial companies, is that lending to both consumers and business remains weak. A company like C does very well when times are good and lots of people are borrowing money. When loan approvals are fast and investors are willing to buy securitized loan packages, life is good for the &#8216;too big to fail&#8217; companies. When everyone has tightened their belt and credit worthy clients can&#8217;t be found with a microscope, it means innovation is the road forward. C cannot expect times to revert to the way they were. Instead, they must continue to find ways to massage earnings by creating brand-new revenue streams, without bumping heads with aggressive regulators.
January lending was down 35% at America&#8217;s nine largest banks in January. That&#8217;s not exactly the type of numbers that the government expected when they bailed out the financial firms in order to un-freeze the credit system. Even credit qualified people are having problems being approved for loans, despite the fact the Fed is giving away money to banks. This hurts the financial companies as well as consumers. Banks like Citigroup now have so much cash on hand, that they risk earning an extremely low return. Since they&#8217;ve been bitten so hard by low quality credit, it&#8217;s understandable that Citigroup is more risk-adverse when it comes to making new loans.
If the housing market was to improve and lending returned to former levels, then the newly reconstituted Citigroup could become an earnings powerhouse again. Vikram Pandit made the claim recently that Citigroup could earn $20 billion a year by 2012. If true, then current stock levels are a bargain.
Right now C shares are trading for $4.05 a share. Citigroup stock has made a nice move upwards this month, and so far the news coming out about the company indicates the positive changes in stock price are relating closely to positive changes in the operating environment for the company.
Citigroup remains a strong buy under $5 a share for patient investors who understand the risks and are betting that the beginning stages of a recovery are under way.
 This entry was posted on Wednesday, March 17th, 2010 at 7:13 am and is filed under 
. You can follow any responses to this entry through the 
