TradingMarkets 7 Stocks You Need to Know for Friday | TradingMarkets.com 
 New ETF Book by Larry Connors - 
Click here to read more
 
 Receive Alerts 
 For One Week! 
 Use PowerRatings every day to find the stocks for tomorrow to focus on and the ones to avoid. 
 Use PowerRatings to find the ETFS to focus on to build your portfolio for ETF gains.
Gary Kaltbaum Intraday Breaking Setups
 Let Gary Kaltbaum send you timely emails to alert you when breakouts occur. 
Kevin Haggerty's Professional Trading Service
 Every day receive the best plan of attack for the next day's trading directly from professional trader Kevin Haggerty. 
 Yahoo! Finance (content partner)
 Forbes.com (content partner)
 AOL Money (content partner)
 Fox Business News
 Bloomberg TV
 Wall Street Journal
 New York Times
 Stocks and Commodities
 Active Trader Magazine
 Los Angeles Times
 Futures Magazine
 SFO Magazine
 Investor's Edge
 E*Trade Radio
 Bloomberg Markets Magazine
 Chicago Mercantile Exchange
 Registered Rep
 FXstreet.com
TradingMarkets 7 Stocks You Need to Know for Friday
 | March 26, 2010 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Friday is a forecasted quiet day on Wall Street. Minimal earnings releases combined with the final GDP and the revised Consumer Sentiment figure may lead to an easy transition into the weekend. On Thursday, stocks soared aggressively during the first half of the session. A wave of selling triggered by a strong dollar commodity share dumping hit the market knocking back the bull advance. Bernanke reiterating his low rate pledge was not enough impetus to keep the rally intact. Stocks closed the day mixed with the DJIA gaining 5.06, the Nasdaq losing 1.35 and the broad based S&P 500 slipped 1.99.
Here are 7 stocks you need to know for Friday.
 reports before the bell with a forecast EPS loss of 4 cents.
News hit the wire that an investment grade rating for 
 is still years away.
Rumors are amok that 
Starbucks Corporation
 is staging a takeover of 
, a chain of juice smoothie stores.
Nelson Peltz has decided against bidding on 
Investors in 
 were pleased to discover that the Treasury will sell its shares in a preset, scheduled manner.
 lifted its sales and profit forecasts.
Just Released! A collection of the best Stock, ETF, and Leveraged ETF setups in just ONE service. Find the most promising setups - available right now - when you sign up for your free trial to Ultimate PowerRatings.
Original publication: March 25, 2010
>> See more articles by David Goodboy
More Related Articles
