Treasury Free to Begin Selling Citi Shares; Has $6.2B Unrealized Profit on Holdings, Analysts Say - FOXBusiness.com
Existing users please login
 Remember me on this computer
Wednesday, March 17, 2010
Treasury Free to Begin Selling Citi Shares; Has $6.2B Unrealized Profit on Holdings, Analysts Say
Peter Barnes, Senior Economist
 Department’s “lockup” on its 7.7 billion shares of 
) expires today, allowing it to begin selling the shares.
With Citi's stock up nearly 30% in the last month and trading at about $4 a share, analysts at CreditSights estimate the department – and thus taxpayers – holds an unrealized gain of about $6.2 billion on its 27% stake.
The Treasury’s original $25 billion investment in Citi, made in October 2008 at the height of the financial crisis at about $3.25 a share, is worth more than $31 billion today, CreditSights said. The unrealized profit on the holdings amount to about a 25% return for taxpayers.
A Treasury spokesperson declined to comment on the paper profit and possible sale of Citi stock.
But the department has been quizzing Wall Street firms about the timing and structure of sales of its Citi shares, Wall Street sources told FOX Business recently.
Treasury officials have said the department plans to sell the shares over the next 12 months.
“We expect the U.S. government to unload its Citi common stock in manageable chunks, over the next three to nine months,” CreditSights said in a report released today.
Personal Finance - Investing - Financial News - Business News - Stock Market Quotes & News - Small Business
Jobs at FOX Business Network
. For FOXBusiness.com technical issues write to 
foxbusinessonline@foxbusiness.com
; for all other feedback, write to 
feedback@foxbusiness.com
Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (
). Powered and implemented by 
Interactive Data Managed Solutions
. Company fundamental data provided by 
. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. &copy;2010 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
