Business & Financial News, Breaking US & International News | Reuters.com
C on New York Consolidated
Price Change	(% chg)
Latest Key Developments
 Citigroup Inc. Completes Sale Of $230 Million In Common Stock Of Primerica, Inc. To Warburg Pincus
Thursday, 15 Apr 2010 07:37pm EDT
Primerica, Inc. announced the closing of the sale by a subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. to private equity funds managed by Warburg Pincus LLC of approximately 16.4 million shares of the common stock of Primerica for a purchase price of $230 million. The sale included warrants that will allow the Warburg Pincus funds to acquire approximately 4.1 million additional shares of Primerica common stock, for seven years, at an exercise price of $18 per share. The sale occurred pursuant to the previously reported Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 8, 2010 among the Warburg Pincus funds, Primerica and the Citigroup subsidiary. Following the closing of Warburg Pincus` investment, affiliates of Citigroup own less than 40% of Primerica`s outstanding common stock. 
 SkyBridge Capital Enters Definitive Agreement To Acquire Citigroup Inc.'s Fund of Hedge Funds, Hedge Fund Seeding And Hedge Fund Advisory Businesses
Wednesday, 14 Apr 2010 07:41am EDT
SkyBridge Capital announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the fund of hedge funds, hedge fund seeding and hedge fund advisory businesses from Citi Alternative Investments, LLC (CAI), with total investments under management and advisory of $4.2 billion. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. These businesses are part of Citi Holdings, the segment which contains Citigroup Inc.'s non core assets and businesses. This sale is consistent with Citi's strategy to reduce non core assets, tightly manage risks and optimize the value of assets in Citi Holdings, while working to generate long term profitability and growth from Citicorp. 
 Federated Investors Expands Mandate With Citigroup Inc. To Be Service Provider For Separately Managed Accounts
Monday, 12 Apr 2010 08:37am EDT
Citigroup Inc. announced that Federated Investors, Inc. has expanded its contract for use of OpenSMAsm and CitiConnect, Citi`s platforms serving SMA investment managers. As part of this expansion, Citi will support Clover Investment Advisors, a Federated subsidiary. Terms were not disclosed. 
 Citigroup Inc.'s Global Transaction Services Business Appointed Depositary For China Lodging's Nasdaq-Listed ADR Program
Monday, 5 Apr 2010 09:34am EDT
Citigroup Inc.'s Global Transaction Services business, acting through Citibank N.A., announced that it has been appointed by China Lodging Group Ltd. (China Lodging), a Cayman Island registered, China based company, as the depositary bank for its NASDAQ-listed American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. 
 Citigroup Inc. Announces $320.4 Million Initial Public Offering Of Primerica; Intends To Divest Remaining Interest In Primerica As Soon As Is Practicable
Wednesday, 31 Mar 2010 09:35pm EDT
Citigroup Inc. announced the $320.4 million initial public offering (IPO) of Primerica, Inc. In the offering, approximately 21.4 million shares of Primerica common stock were sold at $15 per share. The shares of common stock are expected to begin trading tomorrow, April 1, 2010 on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol 'PRI.' Citi has granted an over-allotment option to the underwriters to purchase up to an additional approximately 3.2 million shares of Primerica common stock. Primerica will not receive any proceeds from the transaction. Immediately following the public offering, and after giving effect to the February 8, 2010 agreement to sell shares of Primerica common stock, plus warrants to purchase Primerica common stock, to private equity funds managed by Warburg Pincus LLC, Citi will beneficially own approximately 43% of Primerica’s common stock. If the underwriters exercise their full over-allotment option, City's ownership of Primerica common stock will be approximately 39%. Citi intends to divest its remaining interest in Primerica as soon as is practicable. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was sole bookrunner on the transaction. 
 Barclays PLC Completes Acquisition Of Citi's Italian Credit Card Business
Wednesday, 31 Mar 2010 06:55am EDT
Barclays PLC announced that it has completed the acquisition of the Italian credit card business of Citibank International Bank plc (Citi), which was initially announced on February 11, 2010, following receipt of competition clearance and completion of the trade union consultation. 
 US Treasury Plans To Sell Citigroup Inc. Common Stock-DJ
Monday, 29 Mar 2010 09:25am EDT
Dow Jones reported that the U.S. Treasury Department plans to sell roughly 7.7 billion Citigroup Inc. common shares this year. The Treasury received the shares as part of an agreement in 2009 that allowed the U.S. government to receive common shares in exchange for preferred stock. The Treasury acquired the preferred stock from Citigroup through the capital purchase program as part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program, or TARP, which helped bail out financial firms during the financial crisis. As of March 24, a Treasury report said its total investment of common stock and warrants in Citigroup is valued at $25 billion. The sale announced Monday won't affect the Treasury's holdings of Citigroup trust preferred securities or warrants for its common stock. The Treasury said that it will sell Citigroup common shares into the market through various means in an orderly and measured fashion and that the manner, amount and timing of the sale is dependent upon a number of factors. The Treasury said it would use a pre-arranged written trading plan, but didn't elaborate further. 
 Unitus Teams Up With OPIC And Citigroup Inc. To Make $15 Million Available For Development Of Emerging Microfinance Institutions
Monday, 29 Mar 2010 04:00am EDT
Unitus, Inc., Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC), and Citigroup Inc. announced that they have finalized a $15 million credit facility that will help foster growth among high-potential microfinance institutions (MFIs) and create more opportunities for families working their way out of poverty. 
 U.S. Treasury Planning Citigroup Inc. Stake Sale-Reuters
Thursday, 25 Mar 2010 03:44am EDT
Reuters reported that, according to Bloomberg, the U.S. Treasury could unveil a preset trading plan next month for the sale of its 27% stake in Citigroup Inc. The Treasury plan will lock the government into a schedule for selling its shares with the aim of eliminating any concerns that the sales are based on non-public information. The Treasury would issue instructions on how many shares to sell and at what price. 
 US Judge Rules Against Citigroup Inc. In Terra Suit Over EMI-Reuters
Wednesday, 24 Mar 2010 04:43pm EDT
Reuters reported that Citigroup Inc. lost a bid to move a lawsuit by Terra Firma Capital Partners Ltd to London in a dispute over the buyout house's acquisition of music group EMI. An order by a U.S. Judge in New York was a victory for Terra Firma Chairman and Chief Executive Guy Hands, who has become embroiled in an increasingly bitter legal dispute with the U.S. bank, which advised on and provided financing for Terra Firma's GBP4 billion ($6.3 billion) acquisition of EMI Group Plc. Terra Firma asked the U.S. court to hear the case over its troubled deal for EMI, rather than shift the proceedings to London, a move it said could jeopardize the tax status of Hands, the firm's founder. Terra Firma accusing Citigroup of inflating the price of EMI by not revealing the only remaining bidder, Cerberus Capital Management, had withdrawn from the auction. The deal at the height of the buyout bubble has come to epitomize the worst aspects of private equity deal-making, with a high debt burden and a weak performance crippling the business. 
Credit market risks lurk despite global thaw
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The global credit crisis may have eased, but the hangover is still punishing some of the largest U.S. borrowers in the credit derivatives market.
&#187; More Financials
