 Business real estate loans at issue 
Business real estate loans at issue
Tuesday, March 30, 2010 11:51 AM
(Source: Tulsa World)

WASHINGTON -- Mounting losses from commercial real estate loans
will continue to be a problem for the U.S. and especially smaller
banks, but it can be managed, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner
said Monday. 

"Commercial real estate's still going to be a problem for the
country," Geithner said in an interview with CNBC. "But we can
manage through this process." 

Geithner also said the Treasury Department's announcement that it
will begin selling the stake it owns in Citigroup Inc., which could
net about $7.5 billion to the government, shows "how far we've come"
in exiting the financial bailout program. 

The government received 7.7 billion shares of Citigroup in
exchange for $25 billion of the total $45 billion it gave the
financial behemoth during the 2008 credit crisis. 

The Treasury Department said Monday it would sell the shares over
the course of this year, depending on market conditions. 

Like any investor, the government will likely hold on to its
shares if prices fall steeply. 

However, Citi shares have been steadily rising with the broader
market in recent months, which means the government is likely to
pocket a hefty profit. 

Geithner said in the interview the government doesn't want to
keep an ownership stake in the financial companies "a day longer
than necessary." 

The government will use a "careful process" to balance two
objectives, he said: ensuring maximum return on the taxpayers'
investment while also getting the U.S. out of the business of owning
private companies. 

On other subjects, Geithner said: 

The Obama administration is optimistic that an agreement can be
reached with Republicans on legislation to bring sweeping new
regulations to the U.S. financial system, opening the way to
enactment possibly within months. 

The financial system "is in a much, much stronger position today"
than it was three years ago in the run-up to the financial crisis,
and the U.S. economy has recovered from the crisis faster than those
of other countries. Major U.S. financial institutions have far
stronger capital positions than they did three years ago, but many
of them still face daunting challenges, he said. SUBHEAD: Losses
grow, but the Treasury secretary says they can be managed.


Originally published by MARCY GORDON Associated Press.


(c) 2010 Tulsa World. Provided by ProQuest LLC. All rights Reserved.
A service of YellowBrix, Inc.

 Subscribe to 
Rate this Commentary
 Name: 
 
 Alert for new comments:
 Your email: 
 Your Website:
 Title: 
RadEditor hidden textarea
 
 
Related Press Releases
 | 
 | 
 | 
 Join Blog Network
 copryright 2010 all rights reserved 
 Fundamental data is provided by 
Zacks Investment Research
, market data is provided by 
, and Commentary and Press Releases provided by 
