 Andrew Leckey: Andrew Leckey answers questions on Sanofi, Fidelity Magellan, portfolio mix - chicagotribune.com
 &gt; 
 &gt; 
 Sanofi takes a healthy interest in sundries 
 Stock rated a hold on French drugmaker&#8217;s diversification efforts
 I have concerns about my shares of 
. Are things looking up?
P.Z., via the Internet
 This French pharmaceutical firm hopes to expand beyond drugs, which face competition from generics and new rivals.
Patent expirations for some of its top-selling drugs through 2015 include the anti-clotting treatment Plavix.
That's why it recently agreed to pay $1.9 billion to buy consumer health care company 
, maker of products such as Selsun Blue shampoo, Gold Bond skin-care products, Cortizone-10 and Icy Hot pain-relief medicine. The deal gives it a strong entry into the U.S. over-the-counter marketplace.
Chief Executive Christopher Viehbacher has said the company is likely to make more consumer health care acquisitions, using a strong cash flow. Since coming on board from 
 in late 2008, Viehbacher has cut costs and streamlined research efforts.
Sanofi-Aventis (SNY) shares are down 3 percent this year after last year's 27 percent increase. The company had a net profit of $23.4 million in its most recent quarter.
Its human vaccines business has had strong sales growth thanks to flu drug sales, while sales of its diabetes drug Lantis are up as well. Europe represents about 45 percent of revenue and the U.S. 30 percent, with its fastest-growing markets outside the U.S.
The consensus rating on Sanofi-Aventis stock by Wall Street analysts is "hold," according to Thomson Reuters.
The company has combined its Merial animal health business with 
 & Co.'s Intervet/Schering-Plough unit. The resulting joint venture commands 29 percent of the $19 billion annual global market for medicines for pets and livestock.
Get more stories like this. Sign up for home delivery today.
Copyright &copy; 2010, 
Top business stories
United-Continental HQ in Chicago
March new home sales surge 27%
Daley calls for major changes to lift McCormick Place
Sign up for the Deals & Steals newsletter >>
 Own the Avatar DVD for $15.99 
 Text CHINEWS to 31286 for Breaking News on your mobile phone. Msg&data; rates may apply. Text STOP 2quit. HELP 4info. 
High-school sportswear
Also on chicagotribune.com
