Who's financing Lehigh Valley congressional contest - mcall.com
 &gt; 
 &gt; 
Who's financing Lehigh Valley congressional contest
The top donors to Dent, Callahan campaigns have ties to the candidates
 Barroway, Topaz, Kessler, Meltzer and Check, Radnor. Employees gave $18,467; firm gave $4,800. Majestic Realty, Bethlehem. Employees gave $14,400. Remington Vernick Engineering, Haddonfield, N.J. Employees gave $13,600.

TuWay Communications, Bethlehem. Employees gave $9,200.

PPL, Allentown. Employees gave $18,150; political action committee gave $10,000 . Comcast, 
. PAC gave $10,000; employees gave $8,000.
. PAC gave $10,000; employees gave $6,550. East Penn Manufacturing, Lyon Station, Berks County. Employees gave $4,300.

The leading Lehigh Valley congressional candidates will surpass $2 million in spending, and campaign money like that isn't given in a vacuum.

A look at the top donors to Democrat 
, the incumbent, shows ties between the contributors and the 15th District candidates. The contributions were made during the second half of 2009.

Dent's donors include 
 and organizations for whom he has requested federal earmarks. Dent raised twice as much from political action committees, $206,250 to Callahan's $99,247. 

Most of Bethlehem Mayor Callahan's top benefactors are employees of firms that do business with or in Bethlehem. More of his money has come from individuals.

Employees of Barroway, Topaz, Kessler, Meltzer and Check -- the securities law firm based in Radnor, 
 County, that represents the city's pension fund -- are his largest donors. They've given $18,467 to Callahan. The firm itself has chipped in $4,800.

Other top Callahan donors include

Majestic Realty, which is planning a 441-acre intermodal business park on former 
 land and whose employees donated $14,400; and the Remington Vernick Engineering company of Haddonfield, N.J., which does engineering work for the city and whose employees donated $13,600.

Bethlehem-based Tu-Way Communications, whose employees gave Callahan $9,200, performed an upgrade of the city's 911 infrastructure.

Callahan said his donors aren't looking for special favors, they've just worked with him in the past, appreciate the quality of his leadership and think he'd make a good congressman.

''One of the hardest things to do as an elected official is to say no to your friends and supporters,'' Callahan said. ''I have done that. If you can't do that, you have no business being an elected official.''

Dent's list of top donors includes Air Products of Trexlertown, whose employees contributed $6,550 in the last six months of 2009. Dent requested two earmarks totaling $5.2 million for the company, to investigate new polymers for lightweight body armor and develop ceramic membranes for alternative fuels projects.

Other top donors include Philadelphia-based Comcast, whose employees gave Dent $8,000, and PPL, whose employees contributed $18,150 to Dent in the final six months of 2009.

Comcast has a stake in decisions about ''Net neutrality,'' which prevents large Internet service providers like Comcast from playing favorites among Web sites. It also has matters before the Federal Communications Commission. Dent voted against a Net neutrality bill in 2006.

PPL, which is based in Allentown and owns multiple coal-fired power plants, has objected to various provisions in recent climate change legislation, which Dent opposes.

Employees of another Dent contributor, East Penn Manufacturing of Lyon Station, Berks County, donated $4,300. Dent requested a $1 million earmark for the battery-maker this year. And three of Dent's top donors, giving a combined $14,400, are on the board of trustees at 
, for which Dent requested $3 million in 2010 earmarks.

Comcast, PPL and Air Products all maxed out their PAC contributions to Dent at $10,000 for the election cycle. Other PAC donations include thousands from drug companies -- including $5,000 from 
, $2,000 from Pfizer and $2,500 from Glaxo Smith Kline -- and thousands more from groups representing various health care providers, including $7,000 from the Emergency Room Physicians.
Copyright &copy; 2010, 
: The Morning Call presents its annual special section on the state of Lehigh Valley business ... 
Do you agree with what the Eagles did in the first round of the 2010 NFL Draft?
 (Poll closes today at 7 p.m.)
MOST VIEWED RIGHT NOW
 Missouri man wins $258M Powerball jackpot 
 College to pay $1 million over sexual harassment 
 'Suspicious package' at courthouse is harmless 
 Police: Stolen credit card led to shopping spree 
 Police: Woman lied about stick shift thwarting robbery 
 Be the FIRST to know: Get Morning Call NEWS and SPORTS alerts sent directly to your phone! 
SIGN UP: Morning Call News & Sports Alerts
Returning User? Update Your Preferences.
 Powered by the Weather Underground, Inc.
Police: Man kidnaps girlfriend so she won't testify against him
Cases dismissed against 'Jesse James'
Police scatter teens from Carbon County rumble over girl
Commission hopes mama bear doesn't smell a rat ... or cubs
Police nab man wanted in stabbing
Trooper hurt when police car spins out to avoid collision
SUV in fatal crash had two flat tires before it hit pole
Suspect in trooper assault known to frequent Bethlehem
Williams keeps focus on property tax relief
Dent criticized for not signing pledge
School insurer won't pay webcam case costs
Man charged in road-rage shootings is found dead
Hoeffel: Onorato flipped on abortion
State police costs debated
Tax money paid for GOP election efforts, ex-aide testifies
NC woman sentenced to death in California for killing Vietnamese fortuneteller and daughter
Pa. man charged with killing wife in fight over staying up late to watch Penguins' hockey game
Judge dismisses suit by black Conn. firefighter who sued after landmark US Supreme Court case
Okla. governor vetoes 2 abortion bills including 1 mandating invasive ultrasound in many cases
Mississippi white supremacist found stabbed, beaten, burned; authorities arrest neighbor
Video shows dog leading Alaska authorities through winding roads to fire at owners' workshop
More Nation/World News
Lehigh Valley Photos
SUBMIT YOUR OWN PHOTOS
 Introducing lehighvalleytraffic.com -- a new site dedicated to helping you navigate around the Lehigh Valley! Get mobile alerts, live drive time updates, customizable traffic cameras, track area gas prices and more..

 The Morning Call's police coverage, including an 
 updated daily, plus search for recent police incidents near you or throughout the Valley...
Morning Call Crime Map
&raquo; SEARCH/COMPARE:
Crime Stats Database
Departments In Area Or State
&raquo; MORE COVERAGE:
