5 Funds Navigating Global Stock Markets - Investing - Mutual Funds - SmartMoney.com
Friday April 23, 2010 
BUILD YOUR LIFE PLAN: Get control of your finances with our interactive planner.
 Published March 28, 2010 | 
 Screens 
by 
) 
5 Funds Navigating Global Stock Markets
 are on the lookout for the next big stock idea, and many employ elaborate spreadsheets or design sophisticated computer models to help them with their searches. If there is a cheap stock ready to jump in the U.S., there is a good chance an investor is studying its financials right now.
Of course, the quest for good stocks doesn&rsquo;t have to end at the shores of North America. Many mutual fund managers have employed their investors&rsquo; capital in overseas companies, especially as emerging markets in Asia, Europe and South America have proven to be rewarding plays. Just look at 
), the large Brazilian oil company. Its stock has more than doubled since Nov. 21.
Global or world stock funds allow managers to search for good ideas both in the U.S. and around the rest of the planet. These funds have portfolios anchored in North America with complementary positions in countries like the U.K., China and France. Morningstar tracks 821 funds and share classes in its World Stock category. We looked for ones with modest fees and above average performance over the last five years. They also had to be in positive territory year-to-date. Our search turned up five decent funds that scan the globe for bargains.
There are some traditional pro and con arguments when it comes to investing in a world stock fund. On one hand, they can save investors money because they relieve them from having to buy two, three or four funds to round out domestic and international holdings. A world stock fund will give investors diversification in one package &mdash; and possibly at a decent annual expense ratio.
But that same attribute is why some financial advisors actually shy away from these funds. Advisors want to be able to tailor their country and region exposures as events change. Because mutual funds report their positions only quarterly, it is tough to accurately gauge their exposures. Instead, advisors will buy and sell shares of several funds to take advantage of changing investment climates. For example, the situation that played out in Greece recently may have caused some advisors to scale back on Europe.
It&rsquo;s also tricky to measure how well these funds are doing. They can&rsquo;t be stacked up solely against the S&P 500 or the MSCI EAFE international index. A fair assessment of their performance must include a combination of both and maybe even an emerging market benchmark, too.
One fund that didn&rsquo;t make our cut deserves some attention: 
Dodge & Cox Global Stock
). This fund was launched in mid-2008 so its performance track record falls short of our criteria. This fund and its parent have hit a few rough patches since opening. Its managers notably bet wrong on some financials that continued to fall. However, overall, Dodge & Cox has a good-long term history of disciplined stock-picking. Year-to-date, the fund is up almost 4%. It now has 43% of its assets in North America, 10% in the U.K., 7% in both France and Switzerland and another 5% in Japan. As of its last filing, its top holdings included 
) is a consistent member of this screen. Managers Clyde McGregor and Rob Taylor have steered this fund for much of the last decade. They buy companies up and down the market cap spectrum that are trading at a discount to a set value, according to Morningstar. The portfolio is 40% weighted to the U.S., with a 19% exposure to Japan and an 18% position in Switzerland. Its 12.1% average annual return over the last decade puts it in the top spot of its Morningstar category.
: The funds on our list are part of Morningstar&rsquo;s World Stock category. They are open to new money, require a minimum investment under $5,000 and charge an annual expense ratio less than 1.5%. Their five-year returns put them in the top 50% of their peer group and they are also in positive territory in 2010. As usual, we did not include funds that charge a sales load.
Global Bargain Hunters
Note: Data as of March 25, 2010
Dreyfus Worldwide Growth
Janus Global Research
T. Rowe Price Global Stock
 to discover investment opportunities that meet your criteria.
Retire Cash-Rich: Investing Overseas
As Greek Epic Drags On, Germany Rises
How to Get Out of a Foreign Market
 Find More Articles About:
 Follow SmartMoney on 
 & More: 
Trackback URL for this story:
http://www.smartmoney.com/tb/Jdip8NA.3D
What is a Trackback?
It is a way to tell us that you have published something that references this story.
How do I send a Trackback?
 If you blog or mention this story on your website, you can use this Trackback URL to notify us about it. Some blogging software programs can help in sending a Trackback to us.
 to read more about Trackbacks.
 Comments From Around the Web 
 1:23 PM EST April 2, 2010
 Posted by: www365buyingcom on 
5 Funds Navigating Global Stock Markets at SmartMoney.com 
http://bit.ly/bTevHI
 10:09 AM EST April 2, 2010
 Posted by: investmentbabe on 
5 Funds Navigating Global Stock Markets at SmartMoney.com: These funds look for bargains well beyond North A... 
http://tinyurl.com/yk34qwh
 9:52 AM EST April 2, 2010
 Posted by: tankovic on 
5 Funds Navigating Global Stock Markets at SmartMoney.com 
http://bit.ly/a72GzW
The first rule of investing? Investors rule. Get the help and straightforward pricing investors deserve at Schwab.
Offer employees Aflac and improve your benefits package at no direct cost.
Ally Bank - competitive rates to help you save more. FDIC insured.
Economy Survey Corp International Country Reports
Learn how AXA can help your retirement income keep pace with changing interest rates.
MFS®. A broad range of funds for advisors and their clients. Since 1924.
SmartMoney Magazine - A smart investment. Subscribe for only $1 an issue.
MetLife Variable Annuities can provide income for life. Find out how.
See how you can save money with Sallie Mae's® Smart Option Student Loan®
Trade Options, Stocks and Futures in One Account at optionsXpress
John Hancock: Find helpful answers to important financial questions
View all charts for tickers in this story
 See how the stocks on this page stack up.
 See how the funds on this page stack up.
More on DailyFinance >
