TradersHuddle.com - Stocks fell on Decline in Consumer Borrowings. Apple Posted a New All-Time High. Dow Laggards: AA, AXP, VZ, CAT and MRK | Stocks
 Stocks fell on Decline in Consumer Borrowings. Apple Posted a New All-Time High. Dow Laggards: AA, AXP, VZ, CAT and MRK 
 Written by Christoper Lynn 
 Wednesday, 07 April 2010 18:44	
 (TradersHuddle.com) – Stocks fell, with the benchmark indexes falling the most since February. A larger than expected decline in consumer credit and comments from Fed policy makers boosted pessimism among market players, which worried about the economic recovery.
The market opened lower and had moderate weakness for most of the trading session. A lack of positive catalysts in the early going left investors without reason to bid the market higher, with a stronger Dollar also pressuring stock prices.
Stocks pared their losses after the 10-year Treasury auction was met with strong demand, then selling intensified after a report showed consumer credit decline more than expected in February and Fed policy makers, including Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke had public appearances that prompted speculation that interest rates may climb to 1% soon.
The Fed’s report on consumer credit was discouraging as it showed the reluctance of the consumer to pile on new debt. The report showed consumer borrowing falling by $11.5 billion much weaker than expected.
All 10 major sectors fell, but losses were worst among telecom stocks, as the sector tumbled 2.3%. Financials fell 0.5% despite early attempts to provide leadership to the broader market. The sector was sacked by a late flurry of selling that came about after stocks failed to find their way into higher ground, despite the weakness Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) was able to post the biggest gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average as shares gained 0.7%.
Technology had pockets of strength, with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) posting a fresh all-time high of $241.92.
24 of 30 Dow components posted declines, with shares of Alcoa (NYSE:AA), the aluminum producer, falling 1.93% to $14.74, posting the biggest decline in the blue chip index as metal prices were lower on the stronger Dollar. Alcoa will be reporting earnings on April 12
, officially kicking off a new earnings season.
American Express (NYSE:AXP), the credit card issuer and travel company, posted the 2
 biggest decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Shares of American Express (NYSE:AXP) slid 1.74% to $42.37 after a worst than expected consumer credit report.
The third worst Dow component was Verizon (NYSE:VZ), the owner of the largest U.S. wireless company, fell 1.56% to $30.24. The company’s top executive dismissed speculation his company would merge with wireless venture partner Vodafone Group. Telecom sector was the day’s worst performer dragging Verizon shares.
The fourth worst Dow component was Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT), as shares of the largest earthmoving equipment maker in the world, retreated 1.26% to $64.47. Caterpillar shares were under pressure by the stronger Dollar, as industrial metals traded lower.
The fifth biggest decline in the blue chip index was Merck (NYSE:MRK). The pharmaceutical company fell 1.23% to $36.79. The FDA granted final approval to Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NASDAQ:TEVA) for the company’s generic versions of Merck's antihypertensive drugs Hyzaar and Cozaar. The brand products, used for reducing blood pressure, had combined annual sales in the U.S. of approximately $1.6 billion.
 Google 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Linkedin 
 Yahoo 
 Del.icoi.us 
 Windows Live 
