Business & Financial News, Breaking US & International News | Reuters.com
 Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK)
Pharmaceuticals - Diversified
MRK on New York Consolidated
Price Change	(% chg)
Latest Key Developments
 Merck & Co., Inc. Reaffirms FY 2009-2013 EPS Guidance
Merck & Co., Inc. announced that it continues to target a high single digit non-GAAP earnings per share (EPS) compound annual growth rate for the combined Company from fiscal 2009 to fiscal 2013 when compared to Merck fiscal 2009 non-GAAP EPS. According to Reuters Estimates, analysts are expecting the Company to report EPS of $3.41 for fiscal 2010; EPS of $3.92 for fiscal 2011; EPS of $4.12 for fiscal 2011. 
 Merck & Co., Inc. Obtains Exclusive Rights To Market And Distribute MassBiologics' Tetanus-Diphtheria (Td) Vaccine In U.S.
Wednesday, 21 Apr 2010 07:30am EDT
Merck & Co., Inc. announced that Merck & Co., Inc. and MassBiologics of the University of Massachusetts Medical School have entered into an agreement that provides Merck with exclusive rights to market and distribute MassBiologics tetanus and diphtheria toxoids adsorbed (Td) vaccine in the United States, with the exception of Massachusetts, where MassBiologics will continue distributing the vaccine. Merck plans to begin distributing the Td vaccine in June 2010. Specific financial details of the agreement were not disclosed. The vaccine is indicated for active immunization for the prevention of tetanus and diphtheria and is approved for use in people seven years of age and older. 
 Merck & Co., Inc. And Portola Pharmaceuticals Announces Results Of EXPLORE-Xa Phase II Study
Monday, 15 Mar 2010 08:00am EDT
Merck & Co., Inc. and Portola Pharmaceuticals announced the results of EXPLORE-Xa, a Phase 2 exploratory, dose finding study of betrixaban, an investigational oral direct Factor Xa inhibitor. Results showed that a once-daily dose of oral betrixaban, given to patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter and at least one risk factor for stroke, reduced the incidence of major and clinically relevant non-major (CRNM) bleeds compared to dose-adjusted warfarin. In this multinational, dose-finding study of 508 patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter and at least one risk factor for stroke, a once daily dose of betrixaban 40 mg (n=127) demonstrated significantly less major and CRNM bleeding than open label warfarin (n=127, p=0.035). The risk of major and CRNM bleeding for the 60 mg (n=127) and 80 mg (n=127) doses of betrixaban was similar to warfarin. 
 sanofi-aventis And Merck & Co., Inc. To Create New Animal Health Business Joint Venture
Tuesday, 9 Mar 2010 02:00am EST
sanofi-aventis and Merck & Co., Inc. announced that sanofi-aventis has exercised its option to combine Merial with Intervet/Schering-Plough, Merck`s Animal Health business. The new joint venture will be equally owned by Merck and sanofi-aventis. The formation of this new animal health joint venture is subject to execution of final agreements, antitrust review in the United States, Europe and other countries and other customary closing conditions. The completion of the transaction is expected to occur in approximately the next 12 months. 
 Merck & Co., Inc. Statement On Vioxx Judgment In Australia
Thursday, 4 Mar 2010 08:28pm EST
Merck & Co., Inc. announced that the Federal Court in Australia published its judgment in the Peterson case. The Court found against MSD Australia on two claims under Australian statutory provisions. The Court dismissed all claims against Merck & Co., Inc. specifically finding that Merck was not negligent in its development, scientific study and sale of Vioxx. Merck and MSD Australia disagree with the limited portions of the Court`s findings that were against MSD Australia and intend to appeal them. The companies are in the process of reviewing the full judgment. The litigation in Australia remains at an early stage. Merck and MSD Australia continue to believe that the evidence shows the companies acted responsibly with Vioxx, from the careful study in clinical trials involving about 10,000 patients before its approval by regulatory authorities around the world, through the careful safety monitoring while Vioxx was on the market, right up through the decision to voluntarily withdraw the medicine in September 2004. 
 Merck & Co., Inc. Reports Results Of Phase III Study Of Investigational Oral Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet In Patients Ages 5-17 With Grass Pollen Allergy
Tuesday, 2 Mar 2010 04:00pm EST
Merck & Co., Inc. announced new data from a Phase III study in 345 children and adolescents (ages 5-17 years), patients with grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis treated with Merck's investigational sublingual grass (Phleum Pratense) allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) showed a 26% greater improvement in total combined score, compared to patients receiving placebo (p=0.001). Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, or runny nose and itchy, watery eyes due to allergies, is a common condition in children and adolescents. These data were presented at the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology Annual Meeting in New Orleans. The randomized, placebo-controlled, Phase III study investigated the efficacy and safety of AIT versus placebo in treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis caused by pollen from Timothy grass, a type of grass common in North America. A total of 345 patients, ages 5-17 years, were randomized to daily treatment with oral grass AIT or placebo at least eight weeks prior to and throughout the 2009 grass pollen season. The primary efficacy endpoint was the total combined score, comprised of total daily symptom score and total daily medication score. Adverse events experienced by patients receiving AIT were generally local, application site reactions and included oral pruritus, throat irritation, stomatitis, ear pruritus, mouth edema, oropharyngeal pain, pharyngeal erythema, eye pruritus and lip swelling. There were no reports of anaphylactic shock in the study. 
 Merck & Co., Inc. Announces Q2 2010 Dividends
Tuesday, 23 Feb 2010 01:50pm EST
Merck & Co., Inc. announced that it has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.38 per share on the Company's common stock for the second quarter of 2010. Payment will be made on April 7, 2010 to common stockholders of record at the close of business on March 15, 2010. The Board also declared a quarterly dividend of $3.75 per share on the Company's mandatory convertible preferred stock for the second quarter of 2010. Payment will be made on May 17, 2010 to preferred stockholders of record at the close of business on May 3, 2010. 
 Eli Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc. And Pfizer Establish Asian Cancer Research Group, Inc.
Tuesday, 23 Feb 2010 02:00am EST
Eli Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc. and Pfizer announced that they have formed the Asian Cancer Research Group, Inc., (ACRG), an independent, not-for-profit company established to accelerate research and ultimately improve treatment for patients affected with the most commonly-diagnosed cancers in Asia. Initially, the ACRG will focus on lung and gastric cancers, two of the most common forms of cancer in Asia. As many as 40% of patients with lung cancer in Asia demonstrate a mutation that is relatively rare in Western patients (EGFR mutation).1 This mutation has resulted in differences in response to some types of agents, suggesting that a different research approach is needed for developing treatments for certain patient populations. Eli Lilly and Company has assumed responsibility for ultimately providing the data to the research public through an open-source concept managed by Eli Lilly and Company's Singapore research site. Moreover, Lilly, Merck and Pfizer will each provide technical and intellectual expertise. 
 Roche Holding Ltd.'s Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. Collaborates With Merck & Co., Inc.'s Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. On Developmental Test For Cancer-Related Gene Mutation
Wednesday, 17 Feb 2010 12:00pm EST
Roche Holding Ltd.'s Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. announced a research collaboration with Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., providing Merck access to Roche's developmental microarray-based AmpliChip p53 Test, which is designed to detect mutations in the tumor suppressor gene p53. By identifying cancers that harbor a dysfunctional p53 gene, the companies aim to achieve better treatment outcomes in cancer patients by determining which patients are most likely to respond to certain investigational therapeutic candidates. The p53 protein is a critical component of normal cell response to various stress types including damaged genetic material or DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid). The p53 protein functions by activating DNA repair proteins, inducing growth arrest for repair of DNA damage, and by initiating apoptosis (programmed cell death) in the case of irreparable DNA damage. When p53 function is deficient, a cell's response to DNA damage is severely impaired, contributing to tumor growth and increasing tumor cells' resistance to chemotherapy. Roche's investigational AmpliChip p53 Test is designed to detect damage to p53 DNA in tumor cells in order to identify which cells carry dysfunctional p53 proteins that can lead to treatment resistance. 
 Merck & Co., Inc. Comments On H2 2010, Long-Term Earnings Guidance-Conference Call
Wednesday, 17 Feb 2010 08:00am EST
Merck & Co., Inc. announced that it continues to target a high single digit, non-GAAP earnings per share (EPS) compound annual growth rate from 2009-2013 for the combined Company when compared to the Company's fiscal 2009 non-GAAP EPS. Looking ahead over this next four year period, the Company do anticipate some years will be stronger than others. The Company announced that it expects non-GAAP earnings in the second half of 2010 will be considerably higher than non-GAAP earnings in the first half of 2010 due to the phasing in of synergies. The Company reported non-GAAP EPS of $3.26 for fiscal 2009. According to Reuters Estimates, analysts were expecting the Company to report non-GAAP EPS of $3.43 for fiscal 2010; non-GAAP EPS of $3.95 for fiscal 2011; non-GAAP EPS of $4.18 for fiscal 2012; non-GAAP EPS of $4.18 for fiscal 2013 and non-GAAP EPS of $4.49 for fiscal 2014. And Q3 2010 non-GAAP EPS $0.87;Q4 2010 non-GAAP EPS $0.79. 
Merck & Co., Inc. News
Wall Street hits 19-month high on healthcare, energy
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose to a 19-month high on Friday as Merck eased concerns about the impact of healthcare reform, saying its costs will be relatively low.
&#187; More MRK News
&#187; More Financials
