Teva and Merck agree on generic Temodar launch | ONN.tv
Time to Target Price:
Show Potential Trades
 Stocks vs. Options: Which generates better returns? 
 Plug in your stock idea to find options trades offering a potentially better ROI. 
Learn more about the OptionFinder
 Enter a stock ticker symbol above 
 to find charts, news, and analysis. 
This box will populate with tickers you recently viewed by using the &quot;Get Quotes&quot; search box at the top of the page.
 VIX 
 Dow (DJX) 
 Nasdaq (NDX) 
 S&P; 500 (SPX) 
5 Ways That Options Can Make You a Better Stock Trader
 NEW TO OPTIONS?
 Visit our New to Options page to learn more. 
Find out more &raquo;
Teva and Merck agree on generic Temodar launch
 by AP 
 NEW YORK (AP) &#8211; Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. said Wednesday it agreed to hold off on launching a generic version of Merck & Co.&#8217;s cancer drug Temodar until a federal appeals court weighs in on the drug&#8217;s patent.

 Instead of launching its generic version of Temodar now, Teva said it will begin selling its drug only if the court agrees that a patent on the brain cancer drug is unenforceable. In return, Merck agreed to allow Teva to start selling its generic in August 2013 if the patent is upheld. At that time, Merck will still have pediatric exclusivity on the brain cancer treatment.

 Merck sued Teva for patent infringement after Teva applied for approval of its generic version of Temodar. In February, a U.S. district court said the patent supporting Temodar was unenforceable. That ruling cleared a path for Teva, the world&#8217;s largest generic drugmaker, to begin selling its version of the drug. Temodar, or temozolomide, was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in 1999.

 Temodar was developed by Schering-Plough Corp. and the generic was developed by Barr Pharmaceuticals. Merck bought Schering-Plough in November, and Teva acquired Barr in late 2008.

 In afternoon trading, shares of the Israeli company fell 35 cents to $59.99. Shares of Merck, based in Whitehouse Station, N.J., lost 30 cents to $37.64.
Teekay Offshore prices offering ...
Middle East Stocks Gain - Qatar ...
Related Symbols - Recent Coverage
Latest Trading Ideas
OptionsHouse e-Learn Webinar Series
View All Webinars...
 &copy; 2010 PEAK6 Media, LLC. All rights reserved
 OptionsHouse, LLC is affiliated with 
 (Options News Network) through their parent company, PEAK6 Investments, L.P. Brokerage services are offered through OptionsHouse, LLC.	Please read 
Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options
, copies of which can also be obtained by contacting OptionsHouse Customer Service Department at 
customerservice@optionshouse.com
