Trials : Trials News and Photos - mcall.com
 RSS feeds allow Web site content to be gathered via feed reader software. Click the subscribe link to obtain the feed URL for this page. The feed will update when new content appears on this page. 
 &gt; Crime, Law and Justice &gt; 
 A collection of news and information related to Trials published by this site and its partners. 
&#187; View mcall.com items only
South Florida Sun-Sentinel
Florida teacher sexual misconduct cases: a list
In the past five years, more than 175 Florida teachers have had their licenses revoked for sexual misconduct ranging from inappropriate comments to touching and actual affairs with students. Other teachers have been accused or arrested for alleged...
Teaching and Learning
South Florida Sun-Sentinel
Teachers and sex: Dozens in Florida have lost jobs due to improper conduct with students
The events that turned a Tamarac family upside down began with a mother's discovery of a love letter to her 17-year-old son. It was written by his biology teacher at J.P. Taravella High School in Coral Springs &#8211; 30-year-old Josie Stratton. "I care...
Teaching and Learning
Judge dismisses suit by black Conn. firefighter who sued after landmark US Supreme Court case
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) &#8212; A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit by a black firefighter against the city of New Haven, Conn., over a 2003 promotion exam that was the subject of a landmark U.S. Supreme Court ruling. Firefighter Michael Briscoe...
New Haven (New Haven, Connecticut)
Council rejects Los Angeles court cash request, calls shortfall claims too pessimistic
Associated Press Writer
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) &#8212; The California Judicial Council on Friday overwhelmingly rejected a plea from Los Angeles' top judge for an emergency cash infusion, despite the prediction it could lead to hundreds of layoffs. Los Angeles County Superior Court...
Layoffs and Downsizing
Judge denies Bob Ward request to attend daughter&#8217;s graduation
A judge today told millionaire murder suspect James Robert "Bob" Ward he may not travel to Washington, D.C., in three weeks to attend his daughter's college graduation. Orange-Osceola Circuit Judge Walter Komanski turned down Ward's request, saying...
George Washington University
Health and Safety at School
Colleges and Universities
Republican Party asks Supreme Court to end ban on unlimited 'soft money' contributions
Associated Press Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) &#8212; The Republican Party asked the Supreme Court on Friday to allow political parties to raise unlimited contributions, the latest outgrowth of the court's decision to unleash corporate and labor spending in federal elections. The...
For legal experts, it's clear: Polanski will be sent to Los Angeles over 1977 sex charge
Associated Press Writer
GENEVA (AP) &#8212; Roman Polanski's loss of a crucial California court decision sets up his return to the United States more than three decades after he fled a statutory rape charge, Swiss legal experts said Friday. However, they predicted months of...
Zurich (Swiss Confederation)
Sarah Palin testifies in e-mail hacking trial, won't say if accused man should serve prison
Associated Press Writer
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) &#8212; Sarah Palin testified Friday about the disruption and hurt caused when her e-mail account was hacked during the 2008 presidential campaign and said outside court that there should be consequences for what happened. She...
Man charged with al-Qaida associate pleads guilty to terror charges in NYC subway bomb plot
Associated Press Writer
NEW YORK (AP) &#8212; A New York man said Friday that a plan to attack the city subway system was ordered by al-Qaida leaders two years ago while he was in Pakistan with a friend, a former airport shuttle driver who has since admitted to the plot. Zarein...
Subway Transportation
September Bomb Plot (2009)
South Florida Sun-Sentinel
Multiple green projects in progress
With green proclaimed as the new black, Sunrise is following suit with construction projects throughout the city that incorporate sustainability. The Public Safety Complex, which has another eight months until completion, will be at the level of silver...
US judge clears 2nd Navy SEAL in Iraqi abuse case linked to 2004 Blackwater killings
Associated Press Writer
BAGHDAD (AP) &#8212; A U.S. military judge on Friday cleared a Navy SEAL of any wrongdoing in the alleged beating of an Iraqi prisoner suspected of masterminding the grisly 2004 killings of four American contractors. The Blackwater contractors' burned...
Wars and Interventions
Former SEC lawyer gets 8 years in prison after conviction in pump-and-dump stock scheme
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) &#8212; A former enforcement attorney for the Securities and Exchange Commission was sentenced Friday to eight years in prison for his role in a a series of multimillion dollar pump-and-dump stock fraud schemes. Dallas-based attorney...
 1 
 &#149; 
 Original site for 
 topic gallery. 
 Sending... 
 Error: malformed email address(es)
Both "from" and "recipient" email fields are required. 
Recipient E-mail Addresses
(up to 3, separated by commas)
Bureau of Jail Management and Penology (BJMP) jailguard...
Roya Babanoury of Springfield Township is shown leaving...
Kerry Bozell, a former Regions Bank employee, is on tri...
 
&#187; All 396 Trials photos
Related Topics for Trials
