 Sector Detector: Energy And Healthcare Lead Fundamental Rankings | iStockAnalyst.com 
Sector Detector: Energy And Healthcare Lead Fundamental Rankings
 Tuesday, March 23, 2010 7:12 PM
Vote for next session
The next market session will close:
The stock market has continued its unabated upward trajectory for the month of March with nary a hint of giving anything back. After a brief pullback on Friday and Monday morning to the 8-day moving average surrounding the uncertainty of the healthcare vote in Congress, it has quickly returned to its methodical uptrend.  When things gets this exuberant, the more speculative stocks often outperform, which can temporarily hurt the performance of Sabrient's fundamentals-based SectorCast-ETF model. 
At year end, SectorCast-ETF was flashing warning signals about the market getting ahead of itself, and soon thereafter the market corrected. Then the model showed indications that the market wanted to breakout to the upside, which it has – first going through its 50-day moving average at the beginning of the month, and then recently breaking above strong resistance around 1150 on the S&P 500. 
Today, SectorCast-ETF continues to reflect the uncertainty about the economy and market direction as the most economically sensitive sectors – InfoTech and Consumer Discretionary – are smack dab in the middle of the rankings. And the overall rankings are virtually unchanged from last week. 
 For the third week in a row, the top and bottom sectors in SectorCast-ETF are holding steady. 
) continues in to the top spot with a score of 73. Despite the turmoil in Congress over the healthcare bill, 
) holds onto second place with a 68, down slightly from last week's 71. 
In third place, we again find Financials, followed by Utilities, InfoTech, Consumer Discretionary, and Consumer Staples tightly packed in the middle – reflecting uncertainty among the analysts who track these sectors. 
XLE boasts the top score in 
projected year-over-year change in earnings
 across the sector and also shows the best (lowest) 
projected price/earnings ratio
. However, it didn't score as highly this week in the percentage of 
analysts' positive revisions
 to earnings estimates
, falling behind Consumer Discretionary, InfoTech, Industrials, and Consumer Staples in this measure of analyst sentiment.
XLV ranks second in 
, but in general it achieves its overall ranking by simply scoring reasonably well across all of the relevant factors in the model.
&lt;&lt; Previous Page
Research Related Stocks: 
Rate this Commentary
 Name: 
 
 Alert for new comments:
 Your email: 
 Your Website:
 Title: 
RadEditor hidden textarea
 
 
 The above story is the opinion of the author only and it does not reflect iStockAnalyst opinion. Further, the author is not personally advising you regarding the suitability of the story for your investment needs. In no event iStockAnalyst will be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from or arising out of, or in connection with the use of this information. Please consult your investment advisor before making any investment decision. 
Related Press Releases
Recent Articles by Scott Martindale
Research Related Stocks: 
 Subscribe to 
Email Alerts
 or 
 for articles from more than 500 contributors, press releases, SEC filings and full text news from more than four thousand sources.
 | 
 | 
 | 
 Join Blog Network
 copryright 2010 all rights reserved 
 Fundamental data is provided by 
Zacks Investment Research
, market data is provided by 
, and Commentary and Press Releases provided by 
