Two Pharma Stocks that will Benefit from the Health Care Bill (PFE, MRK) | The StockMasters
Articles by the Masters
Master Picks Newsletter is back, and its FREE, learn more>>
Two Pharma Stocks that will Benefit from the Health Care Bill (PFE, MRK)
Posted March 22nd, 2010 by theStockMasters...
Merck & Co., Inc.
poised to reap new profits from the Health Care Bill - here's why:


The healthcare legislation is supposed to eventually close the gap in Medicare drug coverage, known as the doughnut hole, in which elderly patients must pay for prescription drugs rather than having them covered by the government. Many chose to stop taking their medicine or switched to lower-price generics.


And significantly, the legislation allows the drug industry to “avoid any of the issues that were particularly of concern — price control or more regulation by the federal government,” said Barbara Ryan, an analyst with Deutsche Bank.


As a result, the pharmaceutical industry has been a significant proponent of the legislation, in sharp contrast to its behavior when the Clinton administration tried to pass a similar overhaul. The industry spent an estimated $100 million in TV advertising, grass-roots organizing and other marketing efforts to promote reform.


Critics, including the Federal Trade Commission, argue that such deals are anticompetitive. Jon Leibowitz, the chairman of the Federal Trade Commission, said last week that consumers would suffer if Congress allowed such deals to continue.


“The big winners are some of the branded pharmaceutical companies who have engaged in these deals and some of the generics who have done the same,” he said. “The big loser is the American consumer, who is going to have to pay an extra $3.5 billion a year in much-needed drugs.”


Fellow Masters, it's time to add shares of PFE and MRK to your portfolio and offset the higher prices of your Viagra medication.

 Mastery Goodness - Share this Page/Article 

Please Review the StockMasters 
 and remember that information provided by our site is at the investor's sole financial risk. 
Please Review for more Details
 Greenwood Cash Loans
 - affordable loans with fixed, regular repayments.
 Provident Personal Loans
 can help if you need a 
 Sign up to our FEED 
Take a Break and Enjoy some Financial & Off-Beat Humor
