Portola Pharmaceuticals appoints new CEO | TradingMarkets.com 
 New ETF Book by Larry Connors - 
Click here to read more
 
Portola Pharmaceuticals appoints new CEO
Posted on: Fri, 12 Mar 2010 09:54:41 EST
, 
, 
 Do you know when to trade 
 & 
 ? 
 Check for a 
 from TradingMarkets 
 Mar 12, 2010 (Datamonitor via COMTEX) -- 
Portola Pharmaceuticals, a developer of innovative therapeutics, has appointed COO William Lis as the new CEO, effective May 1, 2010. 
According to the company, Mr Lis succeeds Charles Homcy, president and CEO, who will retire from his current position and assume the role of co-chairman of the board of directors, effective May 1, 2010. In addition to his role as co-chairman, Dr Homcy will focus on Portola's R&D strategy and its partnerships with Novartis for elinogrel, a competitive, reversible P2Y(12) ADP receptor antagonist, and with Merck for betrixaban, its oral direct Factor Xa inhibitor. 
Mr Lis has served as COO of Portola since September 2009. Previously he was vice president, business and commercial development. He has also held senior positions at Scios, a Johnson & Johnson company, Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Rhone-Poulenc Rorer and Ethicon Endo-Surgery. 
The company has also appointed Hollings Renton as co-chairman and lead director of the board of directors, effective March 9, 2010. 
Mr Renton previously served as president, CEO and chairman of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, and president and CEO of Chiron Corporation. He currently serves as chairman of the board of Affymax, Rigel Pharmaceuticals, and Cepheid Corporation. 
Dr Homcy said: "Bill's demonstrated leadership and excellent track record in our therapeutic area of focus will prove invaluable to Portola as we continue to advance our two partnered phase II anti-thrombotic products and our diverse proprietary pipeline. This transition concludes a well-planned process and marks an important milestone for Portola as I turn my focus to the longer-term R&D strategy for the organization." 
http://www.datamonitor.com 
Republication or redistribution, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without prior written consent. Datamonitor shall not be liable for errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon 
For full details on Novartis Ag Ads (NVS) 
. Novartis Ag Ads (NVS) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Novartis Ag Ads (NVS) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on (AEOPF) 
. (AEOPF) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on (AEOPF) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on Merck & Co (MRK) 
. Merck & Co (MRK) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Merck & Co (MRK) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
Learn new strategies, how to trade in this market, and the stocks you should be focusing on each day. Join us for our 
 20 minute tele-seminars during the week.
 Thursday April 29 12:30 PM 
Hear What Kevin Haggerty Sees in the Stock Market Today!
 Wednesday April 28 01:00 PM 
Hear What Gary Kaltbaum Sees in the Stock Market Today!
 * Attendance is strictly limited and are filled on a first-come, first-served basis. 
