Zacks' Voice of the People highlights opportunities with Research In Motion Limited, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., The United States Oil Fund LP and SPDR Gold Trust | Business Wire
 April 01, 2010 05:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
 Zacks' Voice of the People highlights opportunities with Research In Motion Limited, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., The United States Oil Fund LP and SPDR Gold Trust 
)--Zacks highlights commentary from People and Picks Trader 
 For more Voice of the People, visit 
http://at.zacks.com/?id=5851
Eyes On The Horizon, Traders Ready To Pounce
 The markets started out on a wild note today after the ADP Private Sector Employment Data was released. It showed a loss in private sector jobs last month. There was a minor gap down, then a hard sell, as the markets found themselves at gap fill, going back to last Friday. 
 However, that did not last long. Light volume is king on a holiday-shortened week and it did not disappoint. By 10:00am ET, the markets started to move higher and by mid day, were on the flat line. Since that point, the markets have stayed there, barely moving. Volume is almost non-existent. 
 Looking across Wall Street, there is little to discuss. Everyone is waiting for the Friday Non-Farm Payrolls and Unemployment Rate. That will be given to the markets at 8:30am ET. Just a reminder, the markets are closed Friday. 
 Stocks are mostly along the flat line. The one stock of note is 
Research In Motion Limited 
). They are set to report earnings after the close today. The stock is trading flat as of now. 
 Financial stocks are showing a mixed bag today with 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
) inching higher while 
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
) moves lower. 
 Oil and gold are having fantastic days on the back of a thrashing to the dollar. It looks like some buyers are picking up the Euro or maybe even some short covering. Either way, the Euro is higher and the dollar is sharply lower. 
The United States Oil Fund LP
) is higher by 1.20% on the day while the 
 (ETF) (NYSE: 
) is up by 1.00%. Overall, stocks you might think would be higher on a weaker dollar and a rise in oil are not. 
 The markets are doing exactly what I thought they would. Without volume, we all know that the markets get a lift. Today is not different. If volume gets even lighter, it is possible that the markets could even close positive on the day. 
About the Zacks Community
 In 2008, Zacks Investment Research launched PeopleAndPicks.com, a stock-picking website where members of the Zacks community can test their strategies and share ideas with other members. Each user is scored on the accuracy of his or her picks, and top users are rewarded with free products from Zacks. Registration is free. To learn more about People And Picks, visit 
http://at.zacks.com/?id=5957
 Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in 1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD in mathematics Len knew he could find patterns in stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3:1 margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit From the Pros by going to 
http://at.zacks.com/?id=5958
 Follow us on Twitter: 
http://twitter.com/ZacksInvestment
 Join us on Facebook: 
http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?ref=ts
http://www.zacks.com/performance
 for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release. 
 Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities (including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such affiliates. 
 Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. 
 Contacts 
Brent Billock, 312-265-9307
People & Picks Manager
 http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100401006064/en/Zacks-Voice-People-highlights-opportunities-Research-Motion
More Business Wire sites
