Goldman Sachs Quits Losing Bet on Euro-Dollar Advance (Update1) - BusinessWeek
Within the last week
Within the last 2 weeks
Within the last 30 days
Within the last 60 days
Within the last 90 days
Within the last 180 days
Within the last year
Within the last two years
Friday April 23, 2010
Goldman Sachs Quits Losing Bet on Euro-Dollar Advance (Update1)
March 25, 2010, 5:17 AM EDT
More From Businessweek
 (Adds EU meeting in sixth paragraph.)
By Ron Harui and Bo Nielsen
 March 25 (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. exited a bet the euro would climb against the dollar after the trade lost 2.8 percent amid concern the European Union is unable to agree on an aid plan for Greece, undermining the common currency.
 &ldquo;We have clearly underestimated the impact on the euro from the European sovereign crisis and perhaps also from the broader macro adjustment that it portends,&rdquo; five analysts including Thomas Stolper, London-based economist at Goldman Sachs, wrote in an e-mail to Bloomberg today. &ldquo;These political headwinds currently matter far more for the euro than the cyclical factors.&rdquo;
 The euro climbed to $1.3348 as of 9:08 a.m. in London from $1.3315 in New York yesterday. It earlier dropped to $1.3284, the weakest level since May 7. It slipped to 122.67 yen from 122.89 yen.
 Greece&rsquo;s failure to quell market unrest over its 12.9 percent budget deficit has stoked concern other countries such as Portugal may face similar difficulties and led to disagreements between France and Germany over whether the bloc can afford to finance its most recession-battered members. Europe&rsquo;s single currency has fallen 6.8 percent this year against the dollar as the crisis damped demand for the region&rsquo;s assets.
 Fitch Rating yesterday lowered Portugal&rsquo;s credit grade one step to AA- with a &ldquo;negative&rdquo; outlook.
 &lsquo;Increasingly Difficult&rsquo;
 The 16-nation currency declined versus the pound and the Canadian dollar today after Michael Meister, a spokesman for Germany&rsquo;s ruling Christian Democratic Union party, told French daily Les Echos the International Monetary Fund is the only organization that can help Greece. EU leaders start talks today in Brussels.
 &ldquo;The latest developments suggest the building consensus among euro-zone members is becoming increasingly difficult,&rdquo; according to the Goldman analysts.
 Goldman entered the trade &ldquo;slightly less than two weeks ago,&rdquo; and stands to lose 2.8 percent after being &ldquo;stopped out&rdquo; yesterday, the analysts wrote. The U.S. bank had advised investors to place an automatic instruction to sell the euro should it close below $1.3500.
 The euro will trade at $1.37 by the end of the year according the median estimate in a Bloomberg survey of 46 analysts.
--Editors: David Clarke, Keith Campbell.
To contact the reporter on this story: Ron Harui in Singapore at rharui@bloomberg.net; Bo Nielsen in Copenhagen at bnielsen4@bloomberg.net
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Nicholas Reynolds at nreynolds2@bloomberg.net.
 Related topics in 
Most Popular Stories
Stock Picks: Chipotle, eBay, Netflix, Qualcomm
It's About Time: Adobe Divests from iPhone OS
After 79% Jump, Are Stocks Still Cheap?
Apple's Endless Expanding App Universe
A Wobbly Global Debut for Apple's iPad
RSS Feed: Most Read Stories
Potentially Lethal Airborne Fungus May Spread to California - BusinessWeek
Can GE Still Manage? - BusinessWeek
Why Boulder Is America's Best Town for Startups - BusinessWeek
Apple's Endless Expanding App Universe - BusinessWeek
After 79% Jump, Are Stocks Still Cheap? - BusinessWeek
RSS Feed: Most E-mailed Stories
It's About Time: Adobe Divests from iPhone OS
A Wobbly Global Debut for Apple's iPad
Can Meg Whitman's CEO Savvy Save California?
After 79% Jump, Are Stocks Still Cheap?
RSS Feed: Most Discussed Stories
