Goldman's Image May Have Hurt Odds of Landing Citi Deal - FOXBusiness.com
Existing users please login
 Remember me on this computer
Monday, March 29, 2010
Goldman's Image May Have Hurt Odds of Landing Citi Deal
For the past year, executives inside the image-challenged Goldman Sachs (
) have debated whether the firm's publicity problems will have an impact on its bottom line. The answer so far has been ‘no’ given the firm's huge profits last year. Indeed, the big Wall Street firm has held off on plans for a major publicity plan designed to change public opinion.
But times might be changing. The decision announced earlier Monday that the Treasury Department has chosen Morgan Stanley (
) to advise it on unloading its massive stake in Citigroup (
) -- the largest stock offering in history and one of the most high-profile investment banking assignments in years -- has given credence to the opinion of some senior executives inside the firm that Goldman's image problems will impact its client related business. These executives worried that prospective investment-banking clients concerned about their association with the firm will simply hire other players rather than face the fallout of working with Goldman.
In 2009, Goldman's profits soared to a remarkable $12 billion, just a year after it was bailed out along with the rest of Wall Street during the financial crisis. Much of the firm's profit was generated from trading; extremely low interest rates maintained by the Federal Reserve and the government's policy of considering big "systemically important" companies like Goldman ‘Too Big To Fail’ contributed to an extremely favorable trading environment.
But during this time, Goldman's image problems suffered. It was lampooned in a widely read 
 article as a giant "squid monster," and roundly criticized by politicians for its connection to government, which some say gave it an advantage over other firms like Lehman Brothers, which was forced to file for bankruptcy, while Goldman was bailed out. Comments from CEO Lloyd Blankfein didn’t help either; he was quoted as saying that the firm was doing "God's work" when the firm buys and sells bonds, instigating more populist backlash.
While the bad publicity didn’t hurt traders’ ability to make money, senior executives inside Goldman worried about whether it would hurt bankers’ ability to snare clients, particularly politically correct companies worried about their own image. In the past, Goldman's investment bank would snare most of the high-profile assignments, though in recent months there's been some slippage with JPMorgan (
) and Morgan Stanley winning key deals over Goldman.
Now, the firm has lost the mother of all deals, from the most politically correct of clients, the US Treasury. Morgan will advise the Treasury on selling 7.7 billion shares that comprise its 27% ownership position in the firm that it took to support Citigroup during the financial crisis. The fees won’t be huge, according to people inside Morgan, but given the size of the deal (the sale as first reported by FOX Business will begin this spring), Morgan will likely make a modest amount of money. Then there's the prestige value: Morgan will be able to tout its role in helping sell the largest equity offering in history.
 A spokesman for Goldman Sachs didn’t return a call for comment on why the firm lost out, or if it plans to rethink its media strategy amid the loss.
Personal Finance - Investing - Financial News - Business News - Stock Market Quotes & News - Small Business
Jobs at FOX Business Network
. For FOXBusiness.com technical issues write to 
foxbusinessonline@foxbusiness.com
; for all other feedback, write to 
feedback@foxbusiness.com
Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (
). Powered and implemented by 
Interactive Data Managed Solutions
. Company fundamental data provided by 
. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. &copy;2010 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
