Finance : Finance News and Photos - Courant.com
 RSS feeds allow Web site content to be gathered via feed reader software. Click the subscribe link to obtain the feed URL for this page. The feed will update when new content appears on this page. 
 &gt; Economy, Business and Finance &gt; 
 A collection of news and information related to Finance published by this site and its partners. 
&#187; View courant.com items only
Sen. Grassley says public health agency not keeping tabs on doctors' ties to companies
WASHINGTON (AP) &#8212; A top congressional watchdog is pushing the Centers for Disease Control to do more to catch financial conflicts that could sway the opinions of scientists who make public health recommendations. Republican Senator Charles Grassley...
Hospitals and Clinics
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Would fundraisers follow independent Crist?
If Gov. Charlie Crist surprises no one and announces next week that he'll mount an independent bid for U.S. Senate, a lot of his Republican friends and financiers will face an ugly choice. Do they abandon a politician they have supported, in some cases,...
Despite Greek debt crisis, financial leaders declare stronger-than-expected global recovery
WASHINGTON (AP) &#8212; Despite a deepening Greek debt crisis, financial leaders say the global economy is recovering at a better-than-expected rate. Finance ministers and central bank governors of the world's 20 major economies said in a joint statement...
U.S. Department of Treasury
Bids due Friday to enter Tuesday's bankruptcy auction for Philadelphia Inquirer, Daily News
Associated Press Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) &#8212; Creditors of Philadelphia's two largest newspapers confirmed they would submit a bid by a late Friday deadline to try to win them at next week's bankruptcy auction. The auction follows a torturous yearlong bankruptcy fight...
Financially Distressed Companies
Newspaper and Magazine
Republican Party asks Supreme Court to end ban on unlimited 'soft money' contributions
Associated Press Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) &#8212; The Republican Party asked the Supreme Court on Friday to allow political parties to raise unlimited contributions, the latest outgrowth of the court's decision to unleash corporate and labor spending in federal elections. The...
San Diego (San Diego, California)
Political Corruption
President, first lady start weekend retreat in NC with BBQ ribs, hike in Blue Ridge mountains
Associated Press Writer
ASHEVILLE, N.C. (AP) &#8212; First stop for the first couple's weekend vacation on Friday was a roadside restaurant that President Barack Obama visited during the final month of his White House campaign. First meal on the trip: barbecued ribs. Obama...
Wine, Beer, and Spirits
Oil prices end the week above $85 as sales of new and existing homes climb
NEW YORK (AP) &#8212; Oil prices rose above $85 on Friday helped by strong sales of new homes that surged last month from a record low in February. Meanwhile, efforts to resolve Greece's debt crisis and its impact on economic recovery and energy demand...
New York Mercantile Exchange
Wright Express Corporation
Athens asks for activation of eurozone-IMF rescue package to pull country out of debt crisis
Associated Press Writer
ATHENS, Greece (AP) &#8212; Hobbled by exorbitant borrowing costs, Greece triggered an emergency aid plan Friday to draw cash from the International Monetary Fund and countries that use the euro &#8212; the first test of whether the EU is prepared to bail...
Civil and Public Service
Vatican, opposed to embryonic cell use, supports adult stem cell study by a US university
Associated Press Writer
ROME (AP) &#8212; The Vatican is pushing for research of adult stem cells as an alternative to the use of embryonic stem cells, which the Catholic Church opposes because it maintains that the destruction of the embryo amounts to the killing of human life....
Colleges and Universities
Well Fargo combines its lending units in Canada with businesses acquired in Wachovia buyout
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) &#8212; Wells Fargo & Co. said Friday it combined its Canadian lending units with the one it bought as part of its acquisition of Wachovia Corp. more than a year ago. Wachovia Capital Finance Corp. (Canada), Wells Fargo Business Credit...
Microsoft posts better-than-expected 3Q on corporate spending rebound, analysts lift estimates
PHILADELPHIA (AP) &#8212; A slew of analysts raised their revenue and profit estimates for Microsoft Corp. Friday after the software giant reported better-than-expected financial results for the third quarter and noted that corporate spending was on the...
Companies and Corporations
Vatican, University of Maryland enter stem cell research partnership
The Vatican will finance new research, led by the University of Maryland's School of Medicine, into the potential use of adult stem cells in the treatment of intestinal and possibly other diseases, officials announced Friday. The Italian-American...
Colleges and Universities
National Institutes of Health
 1 
 &#149; 
 Original site for 
 topic gallery. 
 Sending... 
 Error: malformed email address(es)
Both "from" and "recipient" email fields are required. 
Recipient E-mail Addresses
(up to 3, separated by commas)
Haitians seek aid at the Goal distribution center. See...
Former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, who was a senio...
A riot policeman wipes his visor after his helmet was s...
 
&#187; All 67 Finance photos
Related Topics for Finance
U.S. Senate Committee on Finance
Federal Bailout Funds
Economic Stimulus Plan
U.S. Senate Committee on Finance
Economic Stimulus Plan
Federal Bailout Funds
