Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund Head Flamand Said to Start Own Firm - Bloomberg.com
Updated: 
, Apr 23 17:18
, Apr 23 22:18
, Apr 24 06:18
Bloomberg Innovators
Forex Trading Videos
 Stocks in U.S. Advance as Treasuries, Dollar Decline on Economic Optimism 
 March 11 (Bloomberg) -- 
Pierre-Henri Flamand
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
’s largest internal hedge fund, is
retiring from the world’s most profitable securities firm to
start a hedge fund, according to three people with knowledge of
his plans. 
Flamand, 39, has worked at Goldman Sachs for 15 years and
has run Goldman Sachs Principal Strategies from London since
2007. He didn’t respond to calls or e-mails seeking comment. A
Goldman Sachs executive in London confirmed the departure and
said the company supports Flamand’s plan. 
Flamand is setting up his own fund as Wall Street pay and
proprietary trading come under increased scrutiny from
lawmakers. Goldman Sachs Investment Partners, founded by a
former principal strategies team, was transformed into a hedge
fund managing $7 billion in 2008 and became part of Goldman’s
asset management unit. 
“Goldman Sachs is the best money-making machine in the
world but compensation is subject to public policy -- if you go
private it’s your own business,” said 
, chief
executive officer of Laven Partners LLP, a London-based hedge
fund consultancy. “You could have been the best prop trader in
the world and you would have been paid less last year than you
might have expected.” 
Goldman Sachs Principal Strategies rebounded from losses in
2008 to fuel the firm’s 7 percent gain in equity revenues to
$9.89 billion in 2009, according to its annual report. The
business seeks to profit from discrepancies in relative values
of financial instruments, convertible bonds and “various types
of volatility trading,” according to the report. 
“Results in principal strategies were positive compared
with losses in 2008,” Goldman said in its 10-K filing with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. That helped make up for
a reduction in revenue in the rest of Goldman Sachs’s equities
business last year, according to the filing. 
Before 2007, Flamand was head of Goldman Sachs Principal
Strategies in Europe from 2002. While his background at Goldman
will help lure investors, he’ll face a more challenging fund-
raising environment than his fellow Goldman Sachs veterans who
set up their own firms, said Lussan. 
Former Goldman Sachs partner 
 founded Eton Park
Capital Management LP with $3 billion in 2004. 
“There’s so much less appetite today, if he gets a billion
to start today it’ll be a massive launch,” said Lussan. “The
world has a lot less means than it used to.” 
To contact the reporter on this story:

tcahill@bloomberg.net
Last Updated: March 11, 2010 12:32 EST
