Goldman Sachs Names China Equity Capital Markets Head (Update1) - BusinessWeek
Within the last week
Within the last 2 weeks
Within the last 30 days
Within the last 60 days
Within the last 90 days
Within the last 180 days
Within the last year
Within the last two years
Friday April 23, 2010
Goldman Sachs Names China Equity Capital Markets Head (Update1)
March 18, 2010, 12:53 AM EDT
More From Businessweek
 (Adds equity funds raised by Chinese companies and Goldman Sachs rankings in third paragraph.)
 March 18 (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc., the world&rsquo;s most profitable securities firm, appointed Thomas Deng as head of China equity capital markets to help arrange more equity fundraising by Chinese companies worldwide.
 Deng, a Chinese native who joined Goldman Sachs in 2004, was its Hong Kong-based chief China strategist and a managing director since 2007, said Connie Ling, a spokeswoman for the investment bank.
 Chinese companies raised $79 billion in share sales underwritten by banks last year, including rights offerings, 13 percent of the global total. Goldman Sachs, the second-biggest arranger of share sales worldwide last year behind JPMorgan Chase & Co., ranked fourth among managers of stock offerings by Chinese companies, which generated an estimated $2 billion of fees for banks, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Goldman Sachs also hired William Smiley from HSBC Holdings Plc to co-head its equity syndicate in Hong Kong. Smiley led HSBC&rsquo;s equity syndicate team in Hong Kong.
 Goldman Sachs is relocating Hayden Stockdale from Australia to Hong Kong to take a role on its equity capital markets team focusing on the natural resources industry in the region.
 New York-based Goldman Sachs in 2009 had a 9.4 percent share of the global equity offering market, including rights offerings, behind JPMorgan&rsquo;s 12.7 percent, according to Bloomberg data.
 It trailed behind China International Capital Corp., UBS AG and Morgan Stanley in arranging share sales by Chinese companies, with a 6.9 percent share, against the 16.7 percent for Beijing- based CICC, the top arranger, according to Bloomberg data.
--Editors: Malcolm Scott, James Gunsalus
To contact the reporter on this story: Bei Hu in Hong Kong at bhu5@bloomberg.net
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Andreea Papuc at apapuc1@bloomberg.net
 Related topics in 
Most Popular Stories
Stock Picks: Chipotle, eBay, Netflix, Qualcomm
It's About Time: Adobe Divests from iPhone OS
After 79% Jump, Are Stocks Still Cheap?
Apple's Endless Expanding App Universe
A Wobbly Global Debut for Apple's iPad
RSS Feed: Most Read Stories
Potentially Lethal Airborne Fungus May Spread to California - BusinessWeek
Can GE Still Manage? - BusinessWeek
Why Boulder Is America's Best Town for Startups - BusinessWeek
Apple's Endless Expanding App Universe - BusinessWeek
After 79% Jump, Are Stocks Still Cheap? - BusinessWeek
RSS Feed: Most E-mailed Stories
It's About Time: Adobe Divests from iPhone OS
A Wobbly Global Debut for Apple's iPad
Can Meg Whitman's CEO Savvy Save California?
After 79% Jump, Are Stocks Still Cheap?
RSS Feed: Most Discussed Stories
