 EMERGING ECONOMIES: Big business 
EMERGING ECONOMIES: Big business
Monday, March 08, 2010 5:53 AM
(Source: Fund Strategy)
Western multinationals are becoming more interested in emerging
economies as they are growing faster and are in some respects more
stable than the developed world. Rodrigo Amaral reports.


With the developed world drowning in debt, crisis of confidence,
high unemployment and other economic ills, it is up to emerging
markets to provide most of the action in the global markets this
year and beyond.


Countries such as Brazil, China and India have shrugged off the
crisis more promptly than America and western Europe and have been
firmly treading the path of growth for several months. Equity
markets are likely to mirror this development, with exchanges in
places like Hong Kong, Mumbai and Sao Paulo delivering the most
sustained rates of growth in 2010, as was already the case last
year.


Companies in many emerging markets enjoy the delights of booming
consumption levels, access to bank credit, high expectations of
public and private investment and other advantages that their peers
working in developed countries can only dream of.


Emerging markets, however, were prone to make investors shudder
with the expectation of high losses. As a result, prudent investors
have limited exposure to these economies.


Experts argue that we live in a different world ever since the
words "subprime mortgages", "Lehman Brothers" and "Greece" became an
inseparable part of our daily complaints. But anyone who had a bad
experience in Malaysia, South Korea, Thailand, and other Asian
economies in 1997 can find many reasons to maintain a cautious
approach. It was the same with Russia in 1998. Or Brazil in 2002. Or
Ecuador in 2008. And Venezuela's currency devaluation earlier this
year. Political instability, high levels of currency volatility and
asset bubbles are frequent threats in fast growing emerging
economies: some analysts are forecasting that China is nurturing a
property bubble. There is no doubt you can make a killing in
emerging markets, but it will often be at the price of more grey
hair on investors' heads.


That is why many investors are looking at alternatives to take
advantage of the high performance of emerging markets while reducing
the fear factor associated with dealing with them. One of them is to
invest in shares of multinational companies that are listed on
western exchanges, but should be able to dodge the sluggish
prospects of their home countries by having a high exposure to fast
growing countries in Asia, Africa or Latin America. Analysts at
Goldman Sachs, the investment bank, have even argued that such


equities already form a new asset class. Selected multinational
companies listed in developed countries provide a "less focused but
more stable exposure" than firms based in the emerging markets, the
bank said. They also offer more liquidity than investing in
companies based in developing countries. Equities of the 50 firms
selected by Goldman Sachs for its proposed index of developed world-
based firms exposed to the Bric countries (Brazil, Russia, India and
China) gained an average of 16% in the past three years, compared
with a loss of 20% for the MSCI World index, according to the bank.


Stocks that offer this kind of exposure include some well-known
names. In a recent article, Javier Santiso, the chief development
economist at the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development's development centre, noted that firms such as Siemens
already draw more than a third of their revenues from emerging
markets. Others, like Philips, MAN and Renault, expect that more
than half of their turnover will come from outside the developed
world by 2015. This is already the case with the Swiss firm, ABB, a
technology group, which makes 55% of its revenues from emerging
markets, and Lafarge, a French cement producer, where 65% of profits
derives from such places.


That exposure to emerging markets has become a big business asset
is reflected in some of the highest profile mergers and aquistions
(M&A) to have taken place in the past few months. Prudential broke
all records of acquisitions in the insurance sector by paying $35
billion (pound 23 billion) for AIG's Asian insurance arm. The
operation will turn Prudential into the largest insurance company in
the fast growing Asian markets (however, investors at first punished
its stock after the deal was announced). The rationale behind
Kraft's controversial pound 11.5 billion swallowing of Cadbury's
also stressed the strength of the British sweet maker in markets
like Egypt, India, Mexico and Thailand. No one wants to look like
the firm that is staying off the growth bandwagon without good
reason. "At the moment, it seems that emerging markets are leading
the world economy out of the global recession and into recovery,"
says Alex Tarver, an emerging market product specialist at HSBC
Global Asset Management.


Goldman Sachs has estimated that two billion people will have
joined the middle classes by 2030, thanks to the rapid economic
growth of developing countries.
 Subscribe to 
Rate this Commentary
 Name: 
 
 Alert for new comments:
 Your email: 
 Your Website:
 Title: 
RadEditor hidden textarea
 
 
Related Press Releases
 | 
 | 
 | 
 Join Blog Network
 copryright 2010 all rights reserved 
 Fundamental data is provided by 
Zacks Investment Research
, market data is provided by 
, and Commentary and Press Releases provided by 
