Business & Financial News, Breaking US & International News | Reuters.com
 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS)
Investment Banking / Brokerage Services
GS on New York Consolidated
Price Change	(% chg)
Latest Key Developments
 Potential Bidders Including The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Submit Confidentiality Pacts For Korea Exchange Bank Stake-DJ
Wednesday, 21 Apr 2010 09:07pm EDT
Dow Jones reported that Potential bidders have submitted confidentiality agreements to join the bidding for a controlling stake in Korea Exchange Bank, the Seoul Economic Daily reported, without citing any sources. The potential suitors who have submitted these pacts include Standard Chartered PLC, HSBC Holdings plc, Macquarie Group Limited, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Morgan Stanley and Australia and NewZealand Banking Group, the report said. Market experts said in the report these companies have likely submitted confidentiality agreements to review Korea Exchange Bank's business status and plot their strategy for the South Korean financial market rather than taking over the bank. Dallas-based Lone Star Funds, which is the largest shareholder of Korea Exchange Bank, is trying to sell its 51% stake in Korea Exchange Bank. 
 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Case Warrants Full French Probe-Reuters
Wednesday, 21 Apr 2010 08:16am EDT
Reuters reported that Economy Minister Christine Lagarde said accusations that The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. acted fraudulently warrant a full probe by French regulators. Regulator AMF (Autorite des Marches Financiers) said it aimed to publish an update on its Goldman probe next week. 
 UK Joins The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Fraud Probe As Heat Builds-Reuters
Tuesday, 20 Apr 2010 07:27am EDT
Reuters reported that Britain launched a probe into alleged fraud by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. four days after the United States shocked markets by accusing Goldman of duping clients. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has accused Goldman of hiding from investors the fact that U.S. hedge fund Paulson & Co was betting against a subprime mortgage product that it helped create. Britain's Financial Services Authority (FSA) said it had started a formal investigation into Goldman Sachs International in relation to the SEC allegations, and will work closely with its U.S. counterpart. 
 UK's FSA To Start Formal Investigation On The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.-DJ
Tuesday, 20 Apr 2010 05:13am EDT
Dow Jones reported that U.K.'s Financial Services Authority will begin a 'formal enforcement investigation' into The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. related to the alleged fraud committed by the Company. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said Friday that it was charging Goldman Sachs and one of its directors, Fabrice Tourre, with fraud, for selling a financial instrument secretly designed by hedge-fund firm Paulson & Co., which then made a $1 billion profit by betting on the deal's downfall. 
 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Faces Possible Action From Germany, UK-Reuters
Monday, 19 Apr 2010 08:38am EDT
Reuters reported that The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. may face legal action from IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG and could be pursued by regulators in Germany and Britain after Goldman was accused of duping clients. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) charged Goldman on Friday over its marketing of a subprime mortgage product, igniting a battle between Goldman and the top securities regulator. Goldman has denied the charges. IKB lost almost all of its $150 million in the Goldman mortgage securities product being probed by the SEC. IKB said it was reviewing all of its financial transactions in the run-up to the crisis. The bank said it may consider taking possible legal steps, but had no grounds for action so far. Britain and Germany said they could also pursue Goldman. The UK financial regulator said it was looking at the circumstances of the SEC's charges, as was Germany's BaFin, which said it was considering possible damage claims. 
 Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc May Sue The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Over Alleged Fraud-DJ
Sunday, 18 Apr 2010 09:13am EDT
Dow Jones reported that Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc will consider suing The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. after U.S. investigators claimed the U.K. bank had lost GBP550 million in an alleged fraud committed by the U.S. bank, reports The Mail on Sunday newspaper, citing unidentified sources close to Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it was charging Goldman Sachs and one of its directors, Fabrice Tourre, with fraud. In its civil filing to a New York court, the SEC claimed that the biggest loser had been Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc, which had paid out $841 million, or GBP550 million, on toxic subprime U.S. mortgages. According to the newspaper report, sources close to Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc said it was "premature to talk about a legal case, but refused to rule out launching its own action. 
 Keller Rohrback L.L.P. Investigates The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Regarding Alleged Fraudulent Misrepresentation of ABACUS 2007-AC1
Friday, 16 Apr 2010 11:04pm EDT
Attorney Advertising. Keller Rohrback L.L.P. announced that it is investigating Goldman Sachs & Co., a subsidiary of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., regarding the marketing of ABACUS 2007-AC1. ABACUS is a synthetic collateralized debt obligation (CDO) that was marketed to investors in early 2007. Investors in ABACUS have lost over $1 billion. In addition we are investigating other synthetic CDO`s marketed by Goldman Sachs in which Goldman or persons acting in concert with Goldman bet against securities Goldman sold to its client. 
 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Charged With Fraud-WSJ
Friday, 16 Apr 2010 08:00pm EDT
The Wall Street Journal reported that The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. was charged with deceiving clients by selling them mortgage securities secretly designed by a hedge-fund firm run by John Paulson, who made a killing betting on the housing market's collapse. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. vigorously denied the Securities and Exchange Commission's civil charges, setting up the clash between Wall Street and regulators since junk-bond king Drexel Burnham Lambert succumbed to a criminal insider-trading investigation in the 1980s, helping to define the era. The SEC's charges are completely unfounded in law and fact, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. said in a statement, promising to contest them and defend the firm and its reputation. The civil charges against The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and one of its star traders, 31-year-old Fabrice Tourre, represent the government's strongest attack yet on the Wall Street dealmaking that preceded, and some say precipitated, the financial crisis that gripped the nation and the world. 
 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Director In Galleon Probe-Reuters
Thursday, 15 Apr 2010 09:01pm EDT
Reuters reported that, according to the Wall Street Journal, prosecutors are examining whether The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Director Rajat Gupta gave inside information about the Company to Galleon Group hedge fund founder Raj Rajaratnam. The Journal also said Gupta's decision to not stand for reelection was made after receiving notice from prosecutors that they were reviewing recorded conversations between him and Rajaratnam. Reuters had reported Gupta's decision in March, but it was unclear at the time that there was any association with the Galleon case. Rajaratnam has pleaded not guilty to criminal insider trading charges. He faces a related civil lawsuit by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In a March 22 letter made public last week, the government said it was examining trades by Rajaratnam and others in shares of several companies, as part of a wide-ranging insider trading probe. Among these companies was Goldman, where trades between June 2008 and October 2008 were being examined. Citing the people close to the situation, the Journal said the government was examining whether Gupta had shared inside information about Goldman, and whether he had given it to Rajaratnam during the height of the financial crisis. It characterized Gupta, who used to run consultancy McKinsey & Co, as a close associate of Rajaratnam. 
 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Applies For India Commercial Banking License-DJ
Tuesday, 23 Mar 2010 08:52pm EDT
Dow Jones reported that The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. has applied for a commercial bank license in India. Goldman Sachs intends to launch an asset management business in India, for which it already has a license, in the near future. 
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. News
WEEKAHEAD-The view from Reuters editors in the Americas
 MARKETS- A fresh slab of earnings, a record dose of
Treasury bond auctions and a two-day Fed meeting await
investors next week, creating a potentially toxic brew for a
stock market that still looks tenuous at current levels from a
technical point of view. The chain of big-name earnings starts
with Caterpillar , followed by Exxon Mobil and a
slew of others, testing the thesis that this could be a record
earnings season in terms of the percentage of companies beating
es
&#187; More Financials
