AMD chips away at Intel market share in Q4: iSuppli
| Reuters 
Potentially deadly fungus spreading in U.S. and Canada
North Korea torpedoed South's navy ship: report
UPDATE 2-'South Park' airs 'censored' episode after threat
Biggest study on cellphone health effects launched
U.S. to WellPoint: Stop dropping breast cancer patients
Durable goods orders ex-transport, home sales up
Wall Street gives much to lawmakers in reform debate
Oil spill contained, search for 11 continues
Greece presses "help" button, markets still wary
Economic data, Greece accord lift stocks, euro
Potentially deadly fungus spreading in U.S. and Canada
U.S. to WellPoint: Stop dropping breast cancer patients
Police barred from penis enlargement
Biggest study on cellphone health effects launched
North Korea torpedoed South's navy ship: report
Privacy chiefs keep watch over Facebook
Legalizing pot may kill buzz in California enclave
UPDATE 2-'South Park' airs 'censored' episode after threat
Durable goods orders ex-transport, home sales up
Greece presses "help" button, markets still wary
A recent sampling of our best pictures from the world of science and technology. 
AMD chips away at Intel market share in Q4: iSuppli
Wed Mar 31, 2010 1:59pm EDT
) chipped away at Intel Corp's (
) market share for computer microprocessors in the fourth quarter, as consumer and business spending rose on hopes for a strong tech sector recovery, according to the latest data from iSuppli.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc's share of sales of microprocessor chips -- the brains of a computer -- amounted to 12.1 percent, a gain of 1.6 percentage points from the year-ago fourth quarter, the industry tracker said on Wednesday.
Intel's market share fell by 1 percentage point over the same period, but the world's largest chip maker remained the market leader by far with 80.6 percent of overall sales in the 2009 fourth quarter.
Smaller competitors, such as VIA Technologies Inc (
), accounted for 7.3 percent of the market -- a loss of 0.6 percentage points from the same time in 2008.
Neither Intel nor AMD saw much change in market share for full-year 2009, both gaining less than a percentage point to level out at 80.3 percent and 12.1 percent, respectively.
The numbers showed neither company was greatly affected by lower average selling prices for personal computers, iSuppli analyst Matthew Wilkins said. "It also indicates that neither was able to capitalize on the situation very effectively."
Shares of Intel rose 0.36 percent to $22.42 on Nasdaq in early afternoon trading, while AMD gained 0.86 percent at $9.35 on the New York Stock Exchange.
See All Comments (1)
Mar 31, 2010 3:13pm EDT
Does it matter that Intel is making $Billions every quarter and AMD is losing $hundreds of millions every quarter. How can people publish these articles entirely without context&#8230;..Maybe to mislead people into buying a stock to drive the price up&#8230;???? 
This discussion is now closed. We welcome comments on our articles for a limited period after their publication.
See All Comments (1)
*We welcome comments that advance the story directly or with relevant tangential information. We try to block comments that use offensive language or appear to be spam and review comments frequently to ensure they meet our standards. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of Reuters.
U.S. students suffering from Internet addiction: study
American college students are hooked on cellphones, social media and the Internet and showing symptoms similar to drug and alcohol addictions, according to a new study.
&#187; More Top News
Does the SEC have a case?
Frustration with Wall Street shouldn't be confused with the strength of the SEC's case against Goldman Sachs, writes legal expert Charles K. Whitehead. 
Apple over Microsoft by a TKO
Apple's shares are now 80 times what they were in 1997 while Microsoft's have barely doubled. A Silicon Valley insider explains why. 
