Business & Financial News, Breaking US & International News | Reuters.com
 Intel Corporation (INTC.O)
Price Change	(% chg)
Latest Key Developments
 INTRA Groupe Selects Intel Corporation's Wind River for Radioactive Cleanup Robot
Tuesday, 20 Apr 2010 09:00am EDT
Intel Corporation announced that the France-based Group of Robotic Intervention on Accidents (INTRA) has selected VxWorks for its new family of radioactive cleanup robots, called the ERASE, ERELT and EBENNE trucks. INTRA Groupe is part of a consortium comprised of Electricité de France (EDF), Commissariat à l'Énergie Atomique (CEA) and AREVA. 
 Intel Corporation Issues Q2 2010 Revenue Guidance Above Analysts' Estimates
Tuesday, 13 Apr 2010 04:15pm EDT
Intel Corporation announced that for the second quarter of 2010, it expects revenue of $10.2 billion, plus or minus $400 million. According to Reuters Estimates, analysts are expecting the Company to report revenue of $9.7 billion for the second quarter of 2010. 
 U.S. Steps Up Probe Of Hiring In Some Of America's Companies Including Intel Corporation-WSJ
Thursday, 8 Apr 2010 08:00pm EDT
The Wall Street Journal reported that the Justice Department is stepping up its investigation into hiring practices at some of America's companies, including Google Inc., Intel Corporation, IBM Corporation, Apple Inc. and IAC InterActiveCorp. The inquiry is focused on whether companies, particularly in the technology sector, have agreed not to recruit each others' employees in ways that violate antitrust law. Specifically, the probe is looking into whether the companies' hiring practices are costing skilled computer engineers and other workers opportunities to change jobs for higher pay or better benefits. After a probe that began more than a year ago, Justice Department investigators have concluded that such agreements do raise significant competitive concerns. About a dozen companies are meeting with top antitrust officials at the Justice Department this week and next, some to defend their practices, others to provide information. Antitrust experts say the Justice Department could argue that an agreement between competitors that holds down labor costs is as much a violation of antitrust laws as an agreement to fix prices. The Justice Department hasn't confirmed the existence of the investigation. Several companies said they have received requests for information on the way they hire employees. 
 Wi-LAN Inc. Initiates Litigation Against Intel Corporation
Thursday, 8 Apr 2010 07:46am EDT
Wi-LAN Inc. announced that it has commenced litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division against Acer, Inc., Acer America Corporation, Apple, Inc., Atheros Communications, Inc., Belkin International, Inc., Broadcom Corporation, Dell, Inc., D-Link Corporation, D-Link Systems, Inc., Gateway, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Company, Intel Corporation, Lenovo Group Ltd., Lenovo (United States) Inc., LG Electronics Mobilecomm U.S.A., Inc., LG Electronics, Inc., Marvell Semiconductor, Inc., Motorola, Inc., Personal Communications Devices, LLC, Sony Corporation, Sony Corporation of America, Sony Electronics, Inc., Sony Computer Entertainment America, Inc., Texas Instruments, Incorporated, Toshiba America, Inc., Toshiba America Information Systems, Inc., Toshiba Corporation, and UTStarcom, Inc. In its filing, WiLAN claims that these companies have infringed and continue to infringe WiLAN's U.S. Patent No. 5,515,369 by making and/or selling various products enabled with Bluetooth technology including cellular handsets and personal notebook computers. WiLAN will be represented in this action by McKool Smith PC. 
 KT Corporation And Intel Corporation Sign Memorandum Of Understanding On WiMAX Technology-DJ
Thursday, 25 Mar 2010 09:40pm EDT
Dow Jones reported that KT Corporation said it signed a memorandum of understanding with Intel Corporation on a long-range wireless internet access technology called WiMAX. KT Corporation said it plans to establish a domestic network that will be compatible with Intel Corporation's chips with built-in WiMAX support. Consumers using netbook or notebook computers with such chips would be able to access WiMAX networks without having to purchase a separate modem, which KT Corporation said will boost usage of WiMAX technology. KT Corporation also said that it is in talks with Intel Corporation to jointly enter markets abroad with aims to spread the usage of WiMAX technology. 
 Intel Corporation's Intel Capital Invests $23 Million In Three Firms-DJ
Thursday, 25 Mar 2010 03:28am EDT
Dow Jones reported that Intel Capital, a unit of U.S. chip maker Intel Corp. has invested $23 million in three Indian firms. Intel Capital has invested in July Systems, KLG Systel and Multi Commodity Exchange. The Company will fund the investments through its $250 million Intel Capital India Technology Fund. 
 Intel Corporation Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend
Friday, 19 Mar 2010 09:00am EDT
Intel Corporation announced that it has declared a $0.1575 per share quarterly dividend on the Company's common stock. The dividend will be payable on June 1, 2010 to stockholders of record on May 7, 2010. 
 Google Inc. Working With Intel Corporation And Sony Corporation On TV Project-Reuters
Wednesday, 17 Mar 2010 09:13pm EDT
Reuters reported that Google Inc. is working with Intel Corporation and Sony Corporation to develop a new class of Internet-enabled televisions and set top boxes, according to a media report. The effort, known as Google TV, has been under way for several months and is based on Google Inc.'s Android software which is currently available in certain smartphones, according to a report in the New York Times citing people with knowledge of the project. Logitech International is also involved and is developing peripheral devices, such as a tiny keyboard. According to the report, the partners hope to make it easy for consumers to use Web applications like Twitter on their TVs and to entice software developers to create new applications to run on Google TV. 
 Intel Corporation Launches Most Secure Data Center Processor
Tuesday, 16 Mar 2010 03:01am EDT
Intel Corporation announced that it has launched the Intel Xeon Processor 5600 series. The new processors deliver two new security features Intel Advanced Encryption Standard New Instructions (Intel AES-NI), and Intel Trusted Execution Technology (Intel TXT) -- that enable faster encryption and decryption performance for more secure transactions and virtualized environments, providing data centers with a stronger foundation for cloud security. 
 Intel Corporation Expands Intel Atom Processor-Based Platform To Home, Small Office Storage Devices
Thursday, 4 Mar 2010 06:00am EST
Intel Corporation announced that it has launched its first Intel Atom processor- based platform optimized for networked home and small office/home office (SOHO) storage devices. The energy-efficient platform consists of the Intel Atom processor D410 single-core or D510 dual-core and the Intel 82801IR I/O Controller and delivers the processing performance and input/output (I/O) connectivity required to meet the throughput demands of storage vendors such as LaCie, LG Electronics, QNAP, Synology and Thecus. Home server and SOHO network-attached storage (NAS) devices based on the new Intel Atom processor- based platform act as centralized hubs that organize, manage, protect and share documents, photos, videos and music throughout the home and small office. 
Intel Corporation News
FUNDVIEW-Prudential Income Fund bullish on Microsoft, Intel
 By Supantha Mukherjee BANGALORE, April 23 (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp and
Intel Corp are set to benefit from a corporate refresh
cycle in terms of upgrading personal computer systems, making
them good investments, a fund manager with Prudential said.
&#187; More INTC.O News
&#187; More Financials
