 New signs of life in manufacturing: Sector remains a key for state's recovery from economic distress 
New signs of life in manufacturing: Sector remains a key for state's recovery from economic distress
Friday, March 26, 2010 11:14 PM
(Source: The Columbus Dispatch, Ohio)
By Dan Gearino, The Columbus Dispatch, Ohio


Mar. 26--The key to Ohio's economic recovery might be the same sector that hastened its decline: manufacturing. 

There are signs that the state's manufacturers are beginning to hire again. The same thing is happening in the country as a whole, and economists are voicing new optimism that the bleeding has almost stopped. 

Automakers are leading the way, prompting a trickle-down effect for parts suppliers, steel processors and many other businesses. 

Evidence of this was on display last month in Lordstown, where General Motors said it soon would resume the third shift at the assembly plant, adding 1,200 jobs. The announcement, attended by state and local political leaders, had a party atmosphere. 

"I think it's a big deal," said Peter T. Ward, chairman of the Department of Management Sciences at Ohio State University. "We're kind of getting back to that normalcy." 

Gov. Ted Strickland agrees. "The chips were down, but we never gave up," he said, speaking at the Lordstown event. 

This month, the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland said that manufacturers were reporting stable-to-rising production. 

"In general, our contacts are cautiously optimistic in their outlook," the bank said in its Beige Book, a summary of regional economic conditions. "Although no end market is particularly strong, rising volume was attributed primarily to defense and energy. Our steel contacts are hopeful that improving conditions will continue." 

State leaders also expect to gain jobs from manufacturing related to clean energy. In January, DuPont said it was expanding its Circleville plant to produce a new resin that will be used in solar panels, a gain of 80jobs. 

"The bottom line is about jobs," said U.S. Rep. Steve Austria, R-Beavercreek, speaking at DuPont. 

The deeper issue is the inclination toward intense cyclical shifts in Ohio's job market, leading to deep downturns followed by the relief of recovery, Ward said. 

"The bad news about Ohio's economy is it is dependent on manufacturing and particularly on manufacturing in sectors that get clobbered cyclically," he said. 

The long-term decline is undeniable. In 1990, 22percent of the state's jobs were in manufacturing, said the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services. Now, after a loss of more than 400,000 jobs, the share is down to 12percent. 

In 2009 alone, the loss was 93,600 jobs. Most were in durable-goods manufacturing, the production of heavy-duty items such as cars and refrigerators. 

Many of those jobs will never come back, as companies use more automation and other tools to do the same job with fewer people.
 Subscribe to 
Rate this Commentary
 Name: 
 
 Alert for new comments:
 Your email: 
 Your Website:
 Title: 
RadEditor hidden textarea
 
 
Related Press Releases
 | 
 | 
 | 
 Join Blog Network
 copryright 2010 all rights reserved 
 Fundamental data is provided by 
Zacks Investment Research
, market data is provided by 
, and Commentary and Press Releases provided by 
