HP and Intel Detail Technology Advances to Fuel Business Transformation for Workstation Customers | Business Wire
 March 24, 2010 04:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
 HP and Intel Detail Technology Advances to Fuel Business Transformation for Workstation Customers 
 DreamWorks Animation Leads Its Business Transformation With Multicore Workstations 
)--Today at a press event on the DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc. (NASDAQ:DWA) campus, HP (NYSE:HPQ) and Intel detailed a path toward performance increases that will help workstation customers transform computing workflows and, ultimately, their businesses. 
&#8220;We will release an unprecedented three films this year, each of them with the aspiration to push the state of the art in CG (computer generated) filmmaking. Redesigning our software to tap the power of multicore will ensure our artists have the very best technology to practice their craft&#8221;
 DreamWorks Animation announced it is leading a business transformation based on the scalable multicore innovations provided by HP and Intel to enable the next generation of filmmakers and beyond. By placing tools that are dramatically faster in the hands of artists, DreamWorks Animation hopes to inspire a new generation of filmmaking. 
 &#8220;The multiplier effects of multicore processing in HP workstations will be transformational, turning hours into seconds, days into minutes and years into quarters,&#8221; said Jim Zafarana, vice president and general manager, Workstations, HP. &#8220;The spec wars are over &#8211; multicore parallel processing is steamrolling all previous processes and changing the way we assess compute power.&#8221; 
 &#8220;We will release an unprecedented three films this year, each of them with the aspiration to push the state of the art in CG (computer generated) filmmaking. Redesigning our software to tap the power of multicore will ensure our artists have the very best technology to practice their craft,&#8221; said Ed Leonard, chief technology officer, DreamWorks Animation. &#8220;Our rearchitecture effort is the largest technology initiative we&#8217;ve ever taken on and one that has the most promise to transform our core business.&#8221; 
 The proprietary software used by DreamWorks Animation artists in the process of content creation and animation touches everything from character creation and cinematography to lighting, special effects, environments and stereoscopic 3-D. 
 Most software today is designed to run on one core at a time, limiting the user&#8217;s ability to improve workflow. DreamWorks Animation&#8217;s ambition is to rewrite its software to take advantage of the power of Intel&#8217;s multicore technology using industry-leading 
HP Z-Series Workstations
. The ability to scale solutions to efficiently utilize many cores is creating a new class of high-performance workstation applications, and DreamWorks Animation and HP are leading the way. By rewriting its suite of software to run parallel projects using HP Z Workstations with up to 12 cores (and potentially more in the future), DreamWorks is turning upside down the economics of its filmmaking machine. 
 &#8220;It&#8217;s rewarding to see how quickly DreamWorks Animation is benefiting from rearchitecting and optimizing their software flow using Intel&#174; Software Development Products and engineering talent,&#8221; said Anthony Neal-Graves, general manager, Workstations, Intel. &#8220;Through this collaboration and the efficiency gain on Intel multicore processor-based platforms from HP, we&#8217;re moving animators closer to their goal of seeing the results of their creative efforts in real time.&#8221; 
 &#8220;Providing our customers with tools to dramatically increase productivity and create engaging experiences is a top priority for us,&#8221; said Bill Hensler, chief technologist, Creative Suite Business Unit, Adobe. &#8220;Adobe Creative Suite software takes full advantage of multicore systems, allowing users to benefit from HP&#8217;s and Intel&#8217;s new advances in computing power and save valuable time.&#8221; 
 Danish computer-aided design and manufacturing company and event presenter HSMWorks ApS expressed excitement over the new technologies. 
 &#8220;We are already seeing major performance gains with the new HP Z workstations and advances in multicore from Intel,&#8221; said Tom Mortensen, founder and chief executive officer, HSMWorks ApS. &#8220;HSMWorks was designed from the ground up to fully utilize multiple cores, so without us having to change a single line of code, we expect customers who upgrade to the new Z workstations supporting six-core processors will immediately see a reduction in processing times of machining tool paths.&#8221; 
 Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), the world leader in silicon innovation, develops technologies, products and initiatives to continually advance how people work and live. Additional information about Intel is available at 
www.intel.com/pressroom
About DreamWorks Animation
 DreamWorks Animation creates high-quality entertainment, including CG animated feature films, television specials and series, live entertainment properties and online virtual worlds, meant for audiences around the world. The Company has world-class creative talent, a strong and experienced management team and advanced filmmaking technology and techniques. DreamWorks Animation has been named one of the &#8220;100 Best Companies to Work For&#8221; by FORTUNE&#174; Magazine for two consecutive years. In 2010, DreamWorks Animation ranks #6 on the list. All of DreamWorks Animation&#8217;s feature films are now being produced in 3D. The Company has theatrically released a total of 18 animated feature films, including the franchise properties, Shrek, Madagascar and Kung Fu Panda. DreamWorks Animation&#8217;s three feature film releases in 2010 are 
How to Train Your Dragon
 HP creates new possibilities for technology to have a meaningful impact on people, businesses, governments and society. The world&#8217;s largest technology company, HP brings together a portfolio that spans printing, personal computing, software, services and IT infrastructure to solve customer problems. More information about HP is available at 
Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
 This document includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company&#8217;s plans, prospects, strategies, proposals and our beliefs and expectations concerning performance of our current and future releases and anticipated talent, directors and storyline for our upcoming films and other projects, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industry in which we operate and management&#8217;s beliefs and assumptions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to changes in economic, business, competitive, technological and/or regulatory factors, and other risks and uncertainties affecting the operation of the business of DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc. These risks and uncertainties include: audience acceptance of our films, our dependence on the success of a limited number of releases each year, the increasing cost of producing and marketing feature films, piracy of motion pictures, the effect of rapid technological change or alternative forms of entertainment and our need to protect our proprietary technology and enhance or develop new technology. In addition, due to the uncertainties and risks involved in the development and production of animated feature projects, the release dates for the projects described in this document may be delayed. For a further list and description of such risks and uncertainties, see the reports filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. DreamWorks Animation is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. 
 This news release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect, the results of HP and its consolidated subsidiaries could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning expected development, performance or market share relating to products and services; any statements regarding anticipated operational and financial results; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include macroeconomic and geopolitical trends and events; the execution and performance of contracts by HP and its customers, suppliers and partners; the achievement of expected operational and financial results; and other risks that are described in HP&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2010 and HP&#8217;s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to HP&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2009. HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. 
 &#169; 2010 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. 
 The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. 
 Contacts 
Jim Christensen, +1-408-309-0186
jim.christensen@hp.com
A&R Edelman for HP
Amy Reardon, +1-303-596-0041
amy.reardon@edelman.com
DreamWorks Animation
Shannon Olivas, +1-818-695-3658
shannon.olivas@dreamworks.com
Burson-Marsteller for Intel
Samantha Saephan, +1-415-591-4023
samantha.saephan@bm.com
 http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100324005480/en/HP-Intel-Detail-Technology-Advances-Fuel-Business
Company Information Center
More Business Wire sites
