Intel CEO Otellini's Total Pay Up 18% To $14.6 Million In 2009 - FOXBusiness.com
Existing users please login
 Remember me on this computer
Friday, April 02, 2010
Intel CEO Otellini's Total Pay Up 18% To $14.6 Million In 2009
 DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
 Total pay for Intel Corp. (
) Chief Executive Paul Otellini grew 18% to $14.6 million in 2009, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 While his base annual salary remained at $1 million, Otellini's performance-based bonus climbed 36% to $5.3 million. The value of his stock awards jumped 54% to $6.7 million, while the value of his option awards dropped 59% to $1.2 million. 
 The increase in stock awards value was mostly the result of the investment grants of options in 2009 and the adoption of outperformance stock units as the primary annual equity vehicle. 
 Otellini's base salary rose 30% to $1 million in 2008, but his total compensation was flat at $12.1 million that year. 
 Intel, the world's largest semiconductor maker, reported one of its most profitable quarters in the fourth quarter, resulting from key decisions made by its management as well as a strict adherence to a schedule of new products and investments. Even as demand dropped amid the recession, the company spent $7 billion for new chip plants in the U.S. and kept its manufacturing schedule on track. 
 That laid the groundwork for Intel to post fourth-quarter results significantly better than Wall Street expected, helped by strong sales of netbook computers and an uptick in sales of server systems to corporate customers. 
 The chip maker will report first-quarter results April 13. 
Copyright &copy; 2009 Dow Jones Newswires
Personal Finance - Investing - Financial News - Business News - Stock Market Quotes & News - Small Business
Jobs at FOX Business Network
. For FOXBusiness.com technical issues write to 
foxbusinessonline@foxbusiness.com
; for all other feedback, write to 
feedback@foxbusiness.com
Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (
). Powered and implemented by 
Interactive Data Managed Solutions
. Company fundamental data provided by 
. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. &copy;2010 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
