PotashCorp Revises First-Quarter Earnings Guidance
 Products & Services 
 News Releases 
 Send a release 
 Member sign in 
 Become a member 
 For journalists 
 Global sites 
Products & Services
Browse News Releases
See more news releases in: 
Earnings Forecasts & Projections
PotashCorp Revises First-Quarter Earnings Guidance
 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ - Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. (PotashCorp) today stated that first-quarter earnings are estimated to be in the range of 
, well above the initial guidance of 
 per share(1) provided on 
. The upward revision reflects a sharp rebound in potash demand that is expected to drive a record quarter for North American sales volumes and strong offshore shipments, as well as higher-than-expected margins in nitrogen and phosphate. Any revisions to annual guidance will be addressed in our first-quarter news release issued on 
"Strong farmer returns, a depleted distributor pipeline and the agronomic need to replace soil nutrients have kick-started a potash rebound from 2009 lows," said PotashCorp President and Chief Executive Officer 
. "While we know that growth does not follow a straight upward line, we believe the increase in potash sales volumes this quarter represents the beginning of a return to long-term growth in demand."
Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. is the world's largest fertilizer enterprise by capacity producing the three primary plant nutrients and a leading supplier to three distinct market categories: agriculture, with the largest capacity in the world in potash, third largest in phosphate and nitrogen; animal nutrition, with the world's largest capacity in phosphate feed ingredients; and industrial chemicals, as the largest global producer of industrial nitrogen products and the world's largest capacity for production of purified industrial phosphoric acid.
(1) All references to per-share amounts pertain to diluted net income per share.
This release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are based on certain factors and assumptions including foreign exchange rates, expected growth, results of operations, performance, business prospects and opportunities and effective income tax rates. While the company considers these factors and assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available, they may prove to be incorrect. Several factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: fluctuations in supply and demand in fertilizer, sulfur, transportation and petrochemical markets; changes in competitive pressures, including pricing pressures; the recent global financial crisis and conditions and changes in credit markets; the results of sales contract negotiations with 
; timing and amount of capital expenditures; risks associated with natural gas and other hedging activities; changes in capital markets and corresponding effects on the company's investments; changes in currency and exchange rates; unexpected geological or environmental conditions, including water inflow; strikes and other forms of work stoppage or slowdowns; changes in and the effects of, government policy and regulations; and earnings, exchange rates and the decisions of taxing authorities, all of which could affect our effective tax rates. Additional risks and uncertainties can be found in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
 under captions "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Item 1A - Risk Factors" and in our other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian provincial securities commissions. Forward-looking statements are given only as at the date of this release and the company disclaims any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
SOURCE Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc.
Other News Releases in Chemical
LyondellBasell Reorganization Plan Confirmed by Bankruptcy Court
Colfax Schedules First Quarter Earnings Release and Conference Call
Michigan Companies Celebrate Earth Day, All Year Round
Other News Releases in Earnings Forecasts & Projections
CSI Reports Record Fiscal Year 2010 Results
SonicWALL Reports First Quarter 2010 Financial Results
CMS Energy Reports First Quarter Net Income of $85 Million, or $0.34 Per Share, and Affirms Adjusted Earnings Guidance
Journalists and Bloggers
PR Newswire for Journalists
 for releases, photos, ProfNet experts, and customized feeds just for Media.
content distributed by MultiVu on 
Targeting, Monitoring & Measurement
Multimedia & Broadcast PR
Small Business Solutions
Request a Price Quote
 Become a member
 Chat online with an expert
 Have us call you
 Request more information
 Call us
 Send us feedback
Online Member Center
Social Media Metrics
