StreetInsider.com - Maintaining Equilibrium With an Exploding Global Population
FREE SI Alerts On Twitter>>>
FREE SI Newsletter>>>
Maintaining Equilibrium With an Exploding Global Population
More News related to 
More News related to 
More News related to 
More News related to 
More News related to Press Releases
More News related to Press Releases
April 7, 2010 8:45 AM EDT
JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA -- (MARKET WIRE) -- 04/07/10 -- 
www.rothmanresearch.com
 - One of the industries taking the lead nowadays is the agrochemical industry and it is doing so for a sizeable reason -- 6,813,200,000 souls worldwide to be fed. In the last six months, share prices of agricultural chemicals companies have been on a tear as food demand continues to rise, and the companies have had considerable upside selling their fertilizers to farmers in the emerging economies. 
Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc. 
), the world's largest fertilizer company by capacity, has seen its stock price soar by up to 35%. It does not take a rocket-scientist to understand the rational that stem out of population growth; more people obviously means more mouths to feed, and this is where companies like Potash thrives as they set to meet the demand for superior nutritional needs.


*Direct & free downloadable report on 
 is available by signing up now at 
http://www.rothmanresearch.com/article/pot/23397/Apr-07-2010.html

"If we look on global scale, food demand is on the rise everywhere... but the region that is currently pumping disproportionately more is Asia with two of the most demanding emerging economic powers, China and India. China's yearly fertilizer output attained 67 million tonnes in 2009 and that's a 16% surge from 2008's output. With almost 20% of the world population, China faces huge challenges especially when you consider the country's limited land area suitable for cultivation. The gamble with china is that they need to maximize their harvests and this can only be done by using efficient fertilizers," stated Jack Benassi of 
www.rothmanresearch.com
, "With more and more demand for organic fertilizers and the Chinese government 'Green Food' policy, companies promoting genetically modified agro-tech products, like 
 might find themselves facing a tough market environment."


*Complimentary downloadable research on 
is accessible upon registration at 
http://www.rothmanresearch.com/article/mon/23398/Apr-07-2010.html

Whilst China might be a shrinking market for Monsanto and its peers, these companies have huge openings in Brazil and India (putting aside Monsanto's previous predicaments with Andhra Pradesh Government in India) where there have been significant increase in cultivation areas assigned to genetically modified (GM) crops.

 is a source for investors seeking free information on the agrochemicals companies; investors are encouraged to sign up for free at 
http://www.rothmanresearch.com/index.php?id=6&name;=Register

The beginning of this year seems to have benefited agricultural chemicals companies, and it is apparent that a growing food production globally and consolidating economic environments on an international scale could prove vital for the growth of this industry in the coming years.

Companies looking for additional media or advertising services can call Blue Chip IR at 1-917-267-8836
About Rothman Research 
Rothman Research brings independent company and sector research together, utilizing top financial advisors and investment tactics to provide you with a clear picture of investment opportunities. 
For More Information Contact:
Jack Benassi

info@rothmanresearch.com
 click here to refresh the image.
Sign up for StreetInsider Free!
Receive full access to all new and archived articles, unlimited portfolio tracking, e-mail alerts, custom newswires and RSS feeds - and more!
Follow StreetInsider.com On Twitter
