Watch for Monsanto Co. earnings Wednesday; MON, POT, SYT
 Watch for Monsanto Co. earnings Wednesday; MON, POT, SYT 
 Tuesday, 06 April 2010 05:11	
Investors watch earnings filings with particular interest, as changes in a company’s ratios can be a good indication whether a company is on the right track, or headed the wrong way.
Monsanto Co. (MON) is scheduled to release its earnings results Wednesday. The company currently has an earnings per share ratio (EPS trailing twelve months) of 2.75 and investors are hoping to see that number grow. Let’s take a look at the performance of the stock since its previous earnings release.
5 Profitable Options Trades for 2010
Review of today's action: Join Live!
In the past three months, the stock has posted a -13.28% loss in terms of stock price. Over the same period, the Agricultural Chemicals industry group has returned a combined -1.01% loss.
So the eyes of investors turn to this new round of earnings.
good earnings don’t always lead to higher stock prices
, but keeping up on earnings is still a vital part of your fundamental stock analysis. Also note that companies often change earnings dates, so you should double-check them often.
When looking at earnings, it’s very helpful to see how stocks compare to others in its industry group. And even though two stocks may not be direct competitors, many analysts and institutional investors still compare them and evaluate them relative to other stocks in their group.
MON is in the Agricultural Chemicals industry group where it competes for investor dollars with companies like Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan, Inc. (POT), which is set to release its earnings on 04/29 and last reported a -65.29% decline in quarter-over-quarter EPS.
Another industry peer, Syngenta AG (SYT) released its earnings on 07/22 and last reported a 89.52% gain in QOQ EPS.
Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan, Inc. is the stock with the biggest market cap in the Agricultural Chemicals industry at $34.20B. It closed yesterday at $115.51
To better understand how to evaluate earnings announcements and the affect they have on your portfolio, be sure to read 
Earnings Announcements and EPS
