Monsanto Co. Falls Short of Analyst Expectations; MON, SYT, POT
 Monsanto Co. Falls Short of Analyst Expectations; MON, SYT, POT 
 Wednesday, 07 April 2010 05:31	
Analysts were expecting 
 to report earnings of 
 per share for last quarter, but MON missed expectations with actual earnings of 
---3 cents below the consensus estimate. MON also issued earnings guidance for next quarter that is in line with current analyst expectations.
Today's announcement shows that MON has suffered some year-over-year setbacks. The company reported gains of 
 last quarter compared with net gains of 
 during the same quarter a year ago.
5 Profitable Options Trades for 2010
Review of today's action: Join Live!
We'll have to see if this negative announcement hurts MON's stock price in the near term. MON has lost -0.04 percent during the past month and is currently below its 200-day moving average.
MON is a part of the Agricultural Chemicals industry---along with stocks like 
Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan, Inc. (
. During the next five years, analysts expect the earnings-per-share (EPS) growth rate in the industry to be 12.48 percent. If you compare MON's projected EPS growth rate of 13.5 percent to that of the industry, you can see that analysts expect MON to outperform the industry in the future by 1.02 percent.
Analysts also believe SYT's earnings are going to grow at a rate of 7.5 percent while POT's earnings are going to grow at a rate of 16.48 percent. SYT has lost -0.03 percent during the past month and is currently above its 200-day moving average. POT has lost -0.01 percent during the past month and is currently above its 200-day moving average.
Earnings season can be a volatile time in the stock market. Check out these videos and articles to be better prepared to take advantage of the large price moves that tend to accompany earnings announcements.
Earnings Season is Here - Find Out How to Trade It
Using Options to Trade Earnings
Understanding Stock Analyst Research and Recommendations
