Strategizing for an option winner in Potash (NYSE: POT) | ONN.tv
Practical Options Trader
Time to Target Price:
Show Potential Trades
 Stocks vs. Options: Which generates better returns? 
 Plug in your stock idea to find options trades offering a potentially better ROI. 
Learn more about the OptionFinder
 Enter a stock ticker symbol above 
 to find charts, news, and analysis. 
This box will populate with tickers you recently viewed by using the &quot;Get Quotes&quot; search box at the top of the page.
 VIX 
 Dow (DJX) 
 Nasdaq (NDX) 
 S&P; 500 (SPX) 
5 Ways That Options Can Make You a Better Stock Trader
 NEW TO OPTIONS?
 Visit our New to Options page to learn more. 
Find out more &raquo;
Strategizing for an option winner in Potash (NYSE: POT)
 you're watching: 
What's Mad About Options?
 An options-related take on Jim Cramer's latest recommendations and analysis on the latest securities and ETFs getting attention on the Street. 
Trades for bulls and bears in Potash.
The Pick – Potash Corp. (NYSE: 
 host Jim Cramer called 
Potash Corp. (NYSE: POT)
 a &#8220;buy.&#8221; POT shares were trading around $122 at the time of this episode.
Bullish Option Trading Idea for POT:
Maximum potential profit
 The strategy will be profitable if POT shares are trading higher than $113 at September options expiration.
Bearish Option Trading Idea for POT:
 if the stock rallies higher than $25 at October options expiration
Maximum potential profit
 The strategy will be profitable if POT shares are trading lower than $130 at June options expiration.
, you can build a profit/loss diagram to help visualize these trades.
 that can help you evaluate potential trades. Check out the ONN.tv 
 to evaluate your own potential trades. Any questions? Give us your feedback and ask Jud all your pressing questions.
Related Symbols - Recent Coverage
 &copy; 2010 PEAK6 Media, LLC. All rights reserved
 OptionsHouse, LLC is affiliated with 
 (Options News Network) through their parent company, PEAK6 Investments, L.P. Brokerage services are offered through OptionsHouse, LLC.	Please read 
Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options
, copies of which can also be obtained by contacting OptionsHouse Customer Service Department at 
customerservice@optionshouse.com
