Options Intelligence Report: Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan, Inc. POT & Cliffs Natural Resources, Inc. CLF | Unusual Activity | The Options Insider
The Options Insider Your Inside Source for Options Information
not a member yet?join now for FREE!Options Intelligence Report: Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan, Inc. POT & Cliffs Natural Resources, Inc. CLF Posted on 3/12/2010 in Potash Corp. Raises Q1 Earnings Forecast, Bulls Have Their Way With Calls
POT &ndash; Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan, Inc.  Shares of the fertilizer and feed products producer rallied to a new 52 week high of $126.98 in morning trading after the firm raised its first quarter profit forecast.Shares are trading slightly below the intraday and 52 week high of $126.98, but are still up 7.45% to $125.68 as of 12:35 pm ET .The Canada based company revealed it expects first quarter earnings to be between $1.30 and $1.50 per share, which is significantly higher than its previous estimate of $0.70 to $1.00 a share.Options players populated the stock with numerous trading strategies, and exchanged more than 115,000 contracts on POT by lunchtime.One bullish individual initiated a ratio call spread in the March contract.The trader purchased 1,500 in the money calls at the March $125 strike for a premium of $2.93 apiece, and sold 3,000 calls at the higher March $135 strike for $0.59 each.The net cost of the spread amounts to $1.75 per contract.Thus, the bullish player stands ready to accrue maximum potential profits of $8.25 apiece if POT&rsquo;s shares rally up to $135.00 by expiration day next Friday.CLF &ndash; Cliffs Natural Resources, Inc.Citing the potential for higher iron ore and coal prices, analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co., increased their target share price estimate on Cliffs Natural Resources to $83.00 from $60.00 today.Cliffs&rsquo; shares burst higher following the upgrade, rallying 5.35% to a new 52 week high of $63.53.North America&rsquo;s largest producer of iron ore enticed bullish options players to the March $65 strike where more than 2,300 calls were scooped up for an average premium of $1.14 apiece.Call coveters are prepared to profit should CLF&rsquo;s share price increase 4.10% from the current value to exceed the breakeven point on the calls at $66.14 by expiration day next Friday.Note: The material presented in this commentary is provided for informational purposes only and is based upon information that is considered to be reliable.However, neither Interactive Brokers LLC nor its affiliates warrant its completeness, accuracy or adequacy and it should not be relied upon as such.Neither IB nor its affiliates are responsible for any errors or omissions or for results obtained from the use of this information.Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial instrument.Securities or other financial instruments mentioned in this material are not suitable for all investors.Any opinions expressed herein are given in good faith, are subject to change without notice, and are only correct as of the stated date of their issue.The information contained herein does not constitute advice on the tax consequences of making any particular investment decision.This material does not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situations or needs and is not intended as a recommendation to you of any particular securities, financial instruments or strategies.Before investing, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, as necessary, seek professional advice.| View more articles by Register for Our Free Newsletter and Become an Insider Today!Enter your email address below:
 The Comment Letter is a no holds barred look at the world of options.If you want dry industry content, then look somewhere else.If you want an informed perspective on the options markets, delivered straight from the founder of The Options Insider.com, then you've come to the right place.Citi options have traded off the charts this month.What&#039;s the story?And what happened with the crazy drop off in Feb...Broker Smackdown: Think or Swim vs. Options House vs. OptionsXpress vs. Trade King
 What a fantastic discussion.Thought I&#039;d chirp in.I am a new retail trader paper trading for 3 months, live tradin...Broker Smackdown: Think or Swim vs. Options House vs. OptionsXpress vs. Trade King
 Thanks for the link Felicia.There&#039;s some great info there.I think the biggest selling point for Think or Swim, at ...
Start Discussing Now
