 Can Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Tackle the 125 Level? | Trading Floor Blog | SchaeffersResearch.com 
 working... 
 Schaeffer's Trading Floor Blog
Can Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Tackle the 125 Level?
A bullish bettor is banking on continued upside from Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan (
), judging by a major block trade crossing the tape earlier today. Around 11:05 a.m., a block of 10,000 June 125 calls changed hands between the bid and ask prices, making it difficult to determine whether these contracts were bought or sold. However, with implied volatility up 0.2% in the wake of the transaction, it's likely these calls were purchased. 
With POT trading around $120 this afternoon, these back-month calls are out of the money by a significant margin. But bullish option activity is nothing new for POT -- during the past 10 days, the stock has racked up an International Securities Exchange (ISE) call/put volume ratio of 1.80. In other words, traders on this exchange have bought to open nearly two times more calls than puts during the past two weeks. This ratio ranks in the 88th annual percentile, indicating that speculators are showing a greater-than-usual appetite for bullish bets. 
However, a look at the rest of the equity's sentiment backdrop reveals that POT also has plenty of critics. Short interest on the shares escalated by 19.5% during the most recent reporting period, and these pessimistic positions now account for 2.3% of the stock's float. In light of this data, it's possible that traders are buying calls on POT to hedge their short stock exposure, which diminishes the bullish implications of this buy-to-open call volume. 
If today's major block trade is linked with a hedging strategy, the selection of the 125 strike is interesting. This chart region has capped the stock's rally attempts since mid-December, so a breakout above this area would definitely be a disastrous development for a short seller.
On the charts, POT is currently perched between its 10-day and 20-day moving averages. These short-term trendlines have helped to guide the stock higher since February 2009. However, it remains to be seen whether this double-barreled technical support will be sufficient to help POT tackle the looming $125 level. 
Discuss this post (Comments: 0)
 Email to a Friend
View All of Today's Blog Entries
Discuss this commentary:
Add a new discussion topic related to this commentary
Discussion Board Home Page
There are currently no discussions related to this commentary.
 Search Past Blog Entries
 Search by: 
 Word or phrase to search: 
Today's Most Popular Stories
3 Stocks to Watch: AK Steel Holding Corp., Ciena Corp., and MGIC Investment Corp.
Options Update: Speculator Predicts a Short-Term Price Swing for Deere & Company 
Sizing Up the Pre-Earnings Prospects for Ford Motor Company, By the Numbers
Opening View: DJIA 11,150 Putting Up More of a Fight Than 11,000
Schaeffer on Charts: Taking the Long View 
Monday Morning Outlook: Dow Conquers 11,000, But Goldman Suit Overshadows Week
Monday Morning Outlook: Bulls Hope Earnings Will Reinvigorate DJIA Rally in April
Monday Morning Outlook: Is DJIA 11,000 Coming into View?
Option Activity Alert: Forest Oil Corporation Stares Up at Resistance
Options Stew: Sohu.com Inc., Transocean LTD, and Human Genome Sciences
Trading Tools to Build Your Portfolio: Puts Proliferate As Caterpillar Inc. Continues to Climb 
Options Coach: Front Month Versus Back Month
 Podcasting
 Videocasting
Schaeffer's Daily Q&A;: Dissecting a Butterfly Spread
 Apr 23 2010 4:07 PM
Options Stew: A Taste of the Week's Spiciest Pl...
 
 View More...
Receive FREE access to Schaeffer's 
premier online options magazine! 
 Processing
 Order 
Monday Morning Outlook:
 Prepare for the investing week ahead. Every week, Bernie and his staff provide you with their insight about what has happened and, more importantly, what will happen in the market. We dig deep and show you what's happening behind the scenes, and tell you which indicators are predicting major market moves. 
 At the end of every market day, we review the trading day in detail, covering major events and key market developments. Don't miss this critical, timely and insightful report. 
 Every morning, our research staff analyzes the prior day and the overnight markets, and monitors the morning wires to give you an accurate preview of the day to come. delivered to your inbox before the opening bell. 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Email 
 Password 
 I would like to be contacted periodically by Schaeffer's Investment Research concerning its own products and services, and those of carefully selected advertisers. I understand that I can opt-out of further messages at any time. 
 Sign-up
Additional Legal Notice
 Featured Partners: 
 &copy; 2010 Schaeffer's Investment Research, Inc. 5151 Pfeiffer Road, Suite 250, Cincinnati, Ohio 45242
 Phone: (800) 448-2080 FAX: (513) 589-3810 Int'l Callers: (513) 589-3800 Email: 
 All Rights Reserved. Unauthorized reproduction of any SIR publication is strictly prohibited.
 Market Data provided by QuoteMedia.com | Data delayed 15-20 minutes unless otherwise indicated. 
