Potash Corp. (NYSE: POT) bull call spread | ONN.tv
Practical Options Trader
Time to Target Price:
Show Potential Trades
 Stocks vs. Options: Which generates better returns? 
 Plug in your stock idea to find options trades offering a potentially better ROI. 
Learn more about the OptionFinder
 Enter a stock ticker symbol above 
 to find charts, news, and analysis. 
This box will populate with tickers you recently viewed by using the &quot;Get Quotes&quot; search box at the top of the page.
 VIX 
 Dow (DJX) 
 Nasdaq (NDX) 
 S&P; 500 (SPX) 
5 Ways That Options Can Make You a Better Stock Trader
 NEW TO OPTIONS?
 Visit our New to Options page to learn more. 
Find out more &raquo;
Potash Corp. (NYSE: POT) bull call spread
 by 
 host Jim Cramer called 
Potash Corp. (NYSE: 
 a &#8220;bullish play&#8221; during his &#8220;Lightning Round&#8221; on March 23. The stock has moved slightly higher but many believe the broad market is a bit overheated. If you agree with Cramer, but want to increase the probability of success in the trade and reduce your risk, the 
Idea Generating Platform (IGP)
 has located an in-the-money (ITM) call spread in April, which behaves similar to an out-of-the-money (OTM) put spread.
POT Debit Spread Trade Detail
POT is currently trading at $123.75, up 0.3% this morning.
Debit Spread/Bull Call Spread -
Profit/Loss Details: 
$3.55 (the debit paid at the time of the trade) plus 
Maximum potential profit
 $1.45 (the difference between strike prices -5 &#8211; minus the debit). Return on risk is roughly 41%.
 $118.55 (the strike price of the purchased call plus the debit paid).
Like the looks of this spread trade? Sign up with OptionsHouse today and get 
100 Commission-Free Trades
 to get you started.
Remember, trading Ideas are generated by the ONN Idea Generating Platform as a starting point for people to begin their own research. Trading ideas are not intended as trading or investment advice or recommendations that any particular security or strategy may be suitable for any specific person. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, but we hope that some of these ideas will give you a starting point as you look for strategies to employ. 
Winners, losers in Potash (NYSE: POT) option strategies
Potash (NYSE: POT) options insight
More in Trading Ideas
eBay Inc. (NASDAQ: EBAY) cash-se...
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) bull put ...
Related Symbols - Recent Coverage
Latest Trading Ideas
OptionsHouse e-Learn Webinar Series
View All Webinars...
 &copy; 2010 PEAK6 Media, LLC. All rights reserved
 OptionsHouse, LLC is affiliated with 
 (Options News Network) through their parent company, PEAK6 Investments, L.P. Brokerage services are offered through OptionsHouse, LLC.	Please read 
Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options
, copies of which can also be obtained by contacting OptionsHouse Customer Service Department at 
customerservice@optionshouse.com
