 Stocks Showing Unusually Heavy Volume - Shuffle Master Inc, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Inc, OceanFreight Inc, Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc, Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan | Trading Floor Blog | SchaeffersResearch.com 
 working... 
 Schaeffer's Trading Floor Blog
Stocks Showing Unusually Heavy Volume - Shuffle Master Inc, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Inc, OceanFreight Inc, Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc, Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan
Here are the results for today's unusual stock volume scan. The scan looks at the previous day's volume and compares it to the recent average volume. It then sorts the stocks based on those that showed the biggest increase (the "unusual" part) in volume.
Companies included in today's scan are: Amcore Financial (AMFI), Extreme Networks (EXTR), Quiksilver Inc (ZQK), Capitol Bancorp. (CBC), Pacific Sunwear of California (PSUN), C&D; Technologies (CHP), CF Industries Holdings (CF), Hooper Holmes (HH), SuperValu (SVU), Acorn International, Inc. (ATV), Shuffle Master Inc (SHFL), National Semiconductor (NSM), Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (CCO), Plug Power (PLUG), OceanFreight Inc. (OCNF), Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc (AMLN), Digital River (DRIV), Cbeyond, Inc. (CBEY), RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII), Golden Star Resources, (GSS), Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan (POT), Zimmer (ZMH), Agrium (AGU), Citigroup Inc (C), Clean Energy Fuels Corp. (CLNE).
These are the top stocks from today's scan, which has some basic filters to eliminate stocks that don't trade frequently. A description of the column headings is below. 
Note - sentiment data is current as of the previous trading day...
Discuss this post (Comments: 0)
 Email to a Friend
View All of Today's Blog Entries
Discuss this commentary:
Add a new discussion topic related to this commentary
Discussion Board Home Page
There are currently no discussions related to this commentary.
 Search Past Blog Entries
 Search by: 
 Word or phrase to search: 
Today's Most Popular Stories
3 Stocks to Watch: AK Steel Holding Corp., Ciena Corp., and MGIC Investment Corp.
Options Update: Speculator Predicts a Short-Term Price Swing for Deere & Company 
Sizing Up the Pre-Earnings Prospects for Ford Motor Company, By the Numbers
Opening View: DJIA 11,150 Putting Up More of a Fight Than 11,000
Schaeffer on Charts: Taking the Long View 
Monday Morning Outlook: Dow Conquers 11,000, But Goldman Suit Overshadows Week
Monday Morning Outlook: Bulls Hope Earnings Will Reinvigorate DJIA Rally in April
Monday Morning Outlook: Is DJIA 11,000 Coming into View?
Option Activity Alert: Forest Oil Corporation Stares Up at Resistance
Options Stew: Sohu.com Inc., Transocean LTD, and Human Genome Sciences
Trading Tools to Build Your Portfolio: Puts Proliferate As Caterpillar Inc. Continues to Climb 
Options Coach: Front Month Versus Back Month
 Podcasting
 Videocasting
Schaeffer's Daily Q&A;: Dissecting a Butterfly Spread
 Apr 23 2010 4:07 PM
Options Stew: A Taste of the Week's Spiciest Pl...
 
 View More...
Receive FREE access to Schaeffer's 
premier online options magazine! 
 Processing
 Order 
Monday Morning Outlook:
 Prepare for the investing week ahead. Every week, Bernie and his staff provide you with their insight about what has happened and, more importantly, what will happen in the market. We dig deep and show you what's happening behind the scenes, and tell you which indicators are predicting major market moves. 
 At the end of every market day, we review the trading day in detail, covering major events and key market developments. Don't miss this critical, timely and insightful report. 
 Every morning, our research staff analyzes the prior day and the overnight markets, and monitors the morning wires to give you an accurate preview of the day to come. delivered to your inbox before the opening bell. 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Email 
 Password 
 I would like to be contacted periodically by Schaeffer's Investment Research concerning its own products and services, and those of carefully selected advertisers. I understand that I can opt-out of further messages at any time. 
 Sign-up
Additional Legal Notice
 Featured Partners: 
 &copy; 2010 Schaeffer's Investment Research, Inc. 5151 Pfeiffer Road, Suite 250, Cincinnati, Ohio 45242
 Phone: (800) 448-2080 FAX: (513) 589-3810 Int'l Callers: (513) 589-3800 Email: 
 All Rights Reserved. Unauthorized reproduction of any SIR publication is strictly prohibited.
 Market Data provided by QuoteMedia.com | Data delayed 15-20 minutes unless otherwise indicated. 
