Contract Packaging Newsletter
 
Glue Dots International
 What is MatrX? Click here to learn more at www.matrx.com! >> 
MatrX is a breakthrough technology created by the makers of Glue Dots Brand Adhesive Products. It is a continuous pattern (matrix) of pre-dispensed adhesive dots supplied in varying degrees of strength, width, and thickness.
Glue Dots International
 An Alternative to Double-Sided and Transfer Tapes! >> 
Frustrated with double-sided and adhesive transfer tapes? Give MatrX a try! No trigger to pull, no annoying adhesive snap-back, clean leading & trailing edges, and thicknesses up to 15 mils! Click here to learn more at www.matrx.com.
Glue Dots International
 Try MatrX Yourself! >> 
To request samples or a product demo, click here to be connected to www.matrx.com or give us a call at 877-512-8086. Give it a try - you'll like what you see!
Glue Dots International
 FREE DSP Applicator! >> 
Trying the Dot Shot Pro handheld applicator is quick, easy, and Free! Simply purchase 3 rolls of product for $50 and we will GIVE YOU the applicator at no charge. It's that easy! Call us at 877-512-8086 or click here to visit www.gluedots.com.
Glue Dots International
 $99 is All You Need! >> 
The EconoDot can now be rented for as little as 1 month at just $99 per month. If you love Glue Dots, you will love the EconoDot. Click here for www.gluedots.com or Call us today at 877-512-8086 for a free trial and the $99 rental special!
Glue Dots International
Kimberly-Clark's future: Made to order, shipped to order
Stunning supply chain gains made by putting 3PLs in distribution centers.
By Jim George, Editor-in-Chief
Its name is &quot;Network of the Future.&quot; Kimberly-Clark Corp. (K-C)'s multiyear plan to reinvent its supply chain sounds like something out of a sci-fi movie, but its objective is very down-to-earth: Give retailers and club stores the products they want, when and how they want them, while also satisfying shopper needs.
Several years into the effort, K-C is finding success by introducing greater reliability and flexibility to its packaging value chain. The company has consolidated contract packaging and distribution operations into 10 megacenters around the U.S. and Canada, with the following results:
&quot;We're getting more pressure from our customers for shorter product runs and special, exclusive packs,&quot; Joe DeYoung, distribution operations manager for Kimberly-Clark North American Consumer Products, says in explaining the impetus for Network of the Future. &quot;We believe this is going to set us up to have a strategic advantage over our competitors. We feel pretty good about our product forecasting accuracy three to four weeks out.&quot;
Key to the Network of the Future operation is having third-party logistics companies (3PLs), such as 
, provide contract packaging, warehousing, and distribution services inside K-C's distribution centers (DCs). A few consumer packaged goods (CPG) companies are beginning to embrace the service-in-the-DC model as another way to achieve lean contract packaging through better logistical efficiency. The model saves costs and increases speed-to-market, among other benefits, by reducing the number of times products are touched as they move through the supply chain.
Read the entire article.
Capable inside the DC? Five questions to ask
Matching needs with capabilities
Kahiki bags labor savings and efficiency
By Jim Butschli, Features Editor, Packaging World
Kahiki Foods Inc., Gahanna, OH, produces single-serve and family-size packages of frozen Asian entr&eacute;es and appetizers for sale nationwide at grocery stores, warehouse clubs, convenience stores, and foodservice operations. It also is a contract packager of private-label products and foodservice items for other customers. Kahiki has reduced labor costs and product giveaway, while also gaining operational efficiencies, by installing a Triton vertical form/fill/seal bagger from 
Matrix Packaging Machinery
Packaging is done on five packaging lines at Kahiki's 119,000-sq-ft facility. Previously, the company had manually filled frozen packs. &quot;From a labor perspective, our people did a pretty good job,&quot; says Mark Novak, Kahiki's vice president of manufacturing and logistics. &quot;But we wanted to automate the bagging process for different reasons, for both labor savings and speed, which was a big deal. Automating also reduced the cost of the film.&quot;
Automation allows Kahiki to use rollstock film for bag sizes ranging from 21 oz to 50 oz. The automation process provides economies as opposed to having the film converted into a premade bag. In addition, automated bagging has improved weighing accuracy, resulting in fewer giveaways, while also improving Kahiki's Overall Equipment Effectiveness. View a 
Packaging Automation Forum
Driving profit through controls and integration technology. Produced by 
. May 4 at the InterContinental Chicago O'Hare, Rosemont, IL
 Package Design Workshops
One-day workshops teach package design strategies that incorporate today's retail and consumer preferences. Spring Workshops in Minneapolis and New York City, plus four more locations in 2010.
Packaging Summit 2010
The Packaging Summit 2010 - where packaging's leaders come together. May 18-19 at the Hyatt Regency O'Hare in Rosemont, IL.
Healthcare Packaging Conference & Workshops
Packaging strategies and solutions for pharmaceuticals, medical devices and healthcare products. Breakout workshops offer relevance, optimal education for attendees. Hyatt Regency Princeton, NJ on May 27.
Contract Packagers&ndash; if you're part of a package design team, this April 28 Workshop is for you!
 Package Design Workshop offers essential training for contract packagers who are involved in package design decisions and strategies. Attend our one-day workshop and learn what motivates the 2010 consumer; uncover design tactics and trends to produce packaging that sells. 
Learn more and register&gt;&gt; 
Related newsletters 
Once or twice monthly. Don't miss intelligence crucial to your job and business!
The items in the top left-hand sponsor column are considered sponsored links. Packaging World may share your contact information with sponsors as detailed in our privacy policy, but we will NEVER share your contact information with a sponsor whose content you have not viewed. 
