GENCO Purchases 25 Hydrogen Fuel Cell Units from Plug Power Inc.&reg;
We're here to help 1-866-640-6397
All Press Releases for March 23, 2010
Subscribe to this News Feed 
GENCO Purchases 25 Hydrogen Fuel Cell Units from Plug Power Inc.&reg;
Will convert from battery to hydrogen fuel powered lift trucks at Kimberly-Clark Distribution Center
 Pittsburgh, PA (
 ) March 23, 2010 -- 
GENCO Supply Chain Solutions
, North America&#8217;s second largest and a Global Top 50 third-party logistics provider, today announced the purchase of 25 GenDrive&#8482; hydrogen fuel cell power units from Plug Power Inc. for use in lift trucks. The GenDrive units will power the lift trucks at a 450,000 square foot distribution center in Graniteville, SC that GENCO operates for Kimberly-Clark Corporation. The GenDrive units are expected to be received in May and June 2010.


Funding was provided as part of a $6.1 million award made to GENCO in April, 2009 by the U.S. Department of Energy through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act to accelerate the commercialization of hydrogen fuel cell units and create jobs in fuel cell manufacturing, installation, maintenance and support services. Through this award, GENCO will deploy over 350 GenDrive units at Kimberly-Clark and other companies.

 &quot;We are excited about the opportunity to move this initiative forward,&quot; said Bob Simon, GENCO&#8217;s project manager. &quot;We&#8217;ve had a two-unit pilot program in place with Kimberly-Clark at their Graniteville, SC facility and look forward to the many benefits of the full deployment.&quot; 

This sustainable solution eliminates the demand and cost of electricity and significantly reduces greenhouse gas emissions. At the same time, toxic lead-acid is removed from the workplace and replaced with hydrogen, which generates water as a byproduct.


&#8220;Kimberly-Clark continues to explore new ways to increase safety in the workplace and to minimize the impact of our operations on the environment,&#8221; said Joe DeYoung, Kimberly-Clark distribution operations manager for North American Consumer Products. &#8220;We were recently recognized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as a 2010 Energy Star Partner of the Year, and have led the personal product category of the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index (DJSI) for the fifth year in a row. Our pilot at the Graniteville site has been very successful, and we&#8217;re pleased to be able to partner with GENCO and Plug Power in expanding hydrogen fuel cell technology to the entire lift truck fleet at this facility.&#8221;


&#8220;GENCO understands the value provided by Plug Power&#8217;s GenDrive units,&#8221; said Erik Hansen, vice president and general manager of Plug Power&#8217;s Motive Power Division. &#8220;GENCO&#8217;s utilization of the GenDrive solution puts it at an advantage over its competition, with respect to both productivity and corporate social responsibility. GENCO is creating a safer environment for its teammates and the community.&#8221;

GENCO Supply Chain Solutions
 is North America&#039;s second largest and a Global Top 50 third-party logistics provider and the recognized leader in Reverse Logistics. The company manages over 130 operations and 37 million square feet of warehouse space throughout North America for a diverse range of retail, manufacturing and government customers. The company provides initial and ongoing value through a complete range of solutions, including contract logistics, transportation logistics, parcel negotiation and audits, reverse logistics, damage research, product liquidation, pharmaceutical services, government solutions and technology solutions. For more information, visit 
(NASDAQ: PLUG), an established leader in the development and deployment of clean, reliable energy solutions, integrates fuel cell technology into motive and continuous power products. The Company is actively engaged with private and public customers in targeted markets throughout the world. For more information about how to join Plug Power&#8217;s energy revolution as an investor, customer, supplier or strategic partner, please visit 

Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE: KMB) and its well known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 150 countries. Every day, 1.3 billion people - nearly a quarter of the world&#039;s population - trust K-C brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds the No.1 or No. 2 share position in more than 80 countries. To keep up with the latest K-C news and to learn more about the company&#039;s 138-year history of innovation, visit 
www.kimberly-clark.com

Director, Marketing and Corporate Communications

### 
Other Releases by this Member
 OPTIONS 
Printer Friendly Version
Download PDF Version
Download Reader Version
 CONTACT INFORMATION 
 ATTACHED FILES 
There are no multimedia files attached to this release. If this is your release, you may add images or other multimedia files through your PRWeb News Management Console.
 ABOUT PRESS RELEASES 
 If you have any questions regarding information in these press releases please contact the company listed in the press release. Please do not contact PRWeb. We will be unable to assist you with your inquiry. PRWeb disclaims any content contained in these release. Our complete disclaimer appears 
. 
&copy; Copyright 1997-2010, Vocus PRW Holdings, LLC.
 Vocus, PRWeb and Publicity Wire are trademarks or registered trademarks of 
 or Vocus PRW Holdings, LLC.
