 Kimberly-Clark Introduces New Depend Underwear in Colors and Prints -- DALLAS, March 9 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ --
 Products & Services 
 News Releases 
 Send a release 
 Member sign in 
 Become a member 
 For journalists 
 Global sites 
Products & Services
Browse News Releases
See more news releases in: 
Household, Consumer & Cosmetics
Paper, Forest Products & Containers
New Products & Services
Kimberly-Clark Introduces New Depend Underwear in Colors and Prints
Male and female variety packs provide an unprecedented, underwear-like experience for millions of Americans managing incontinence
 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- For approximately 38 million Americans who will experience some form of incontinence this year(1), protection, discretion and normalcy remain of the utmost importance when selecting a product solution. Today, most absorbent garments are not seen as very underwear-like, and consumers have a strong desire for products that provide greater normalcy. Responding to this growing need, Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE: 
) today announced that beginning in 
, it will begin offering its market-leading Depend Underwear for Men and Depend Underwear for Women products in new colors and prints.
http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20100309/DA66646
The new offering, available in male and female-specific variety packs, will provide the same level of superior fit and protection the Depend brand is known for, but with an assortment of colors and prints along with a new finished waistband &#8211; now providing users with a more underwear-like experience to help them maintain a normal, active lifestyle.
"Our consumer's desired experience is to stay in their own underwear. &#160;Therefore, we want to make our Depend products as much like underwear as possible," said 
, vice president of 
Kimberly-Clark North American
 feminine and adult care brands. "The introduction of new Depend Underwear in Colors and Prints builds on our brand's commitment to our users by providing the superior protection the Depend brand is known for in a product form that is much more like underwear."
Each variety pack comes with six pairs of colored and printed underwear, ranging from solid and striped masculine patterns for men, to pastel solid and floral, feminine patterns for women. Additionally, the line debuts new packaging that is distinctly different from the traditional packaging found within the category. A transparent product window showcases the prints and colors, creating a discreet product that resembles a multi-pack of traditional underwear normally found in the intimates section.
"Our shopper insights show that men and women often experience significant anxiety and stress when shopping for these products, predominately due to the stigma that continues to exist with incontinence," added Meurer. "Our innovative new packaging looks just like a package of underwear. &#160;It is a significant step towards delivering a more underwear-like product and a more dignified shopping experience."
Providing a Fashion-Forward Solution to an Aging Population
The aging U.S. population, including the 78 million Baby Boomers who are rapidly approaching their senior years, have increasingly high expectations for the products they purchase. And as these Boomers continue to age, they are becoming progressively more susceptible to the conditions that commonly cause incontinence &#8211; including diabetes, Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH), prostate cancer, Alzheimer's, hysterectomies, neurologic diseases and other chronic conditions.
"Boomers' expectations for products they purchase are infinitely greater than those of past generations," said 
, Depend brand director. "This group of consumers has enjoyed products created specifically to suit their unique style and preferences. As they begin to personally engage with the Depend brand for the first time, we've responded by introducing a line of more fashionable, underwear-like products."
"As we've talked to women who buy our products, they tell us that they want to feel feminine and attractive," Cammarota added. "For some women, white absorbent products simply do not deliver the normalcy of underwear that they desire. This new lineup affords women fashionable options and an opportunity to maintain confidence and experience a more normal lifestyle."
Unlike women, men often enter the category as a result of prostate health issues and are not eased into using adult incontinence products like their female counterparts. Men consider incontinence products to be unisex, bland and institutional; however, the introduction of Depend Underwear for Men with colors, prints and a finished waistband gives men the ability to maintain normalcy with a solution that looks and fits more like the regular underwear briefs they are used to wearing.
This April, Depend Underwear for Men and Depend Underwear for Women in Colors and Prints will begin rolling out across 
 in four sizes. For women, the new offering will be available in Extra absorbency in Small/Medium and Large sizes. Male products will be available in Small/Medium or Large/Extra Large in Super Plus absorbency.
Also beginning in April, the Depend brand will roll out a comprehensive integrated marketing campaign to support the product's availability on store shelves featuring television, print and online advertising, direct mail, special coupon offers and more.
The Depend brand is the number one brand in the approximately 
 adult incontinence category in 
. For more information on Depend Underwear for Men and Depend Underwear for Women in Colors and Prints, visit 
About Kimberly-Clark
Kimberly-Clark and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 150 countries. Every day, 1.3 billion people - nearly a quarter of the world's population - trust K-C brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No. 1 or No. 2 share positions in more than 80 countries. To keep up with the latest K-C news and to learn more about the company's 138-year history of innovation, visit 
www.kimberly-clark.com
(1) &#160;Nielsen Household Panel and internal Kimberly-Clark estimates
SOURCE Kimberly-Clark Corporation
http://www.kimberly-clark.com
http://www.Depend.com
Other News Releases in Household Products
LG Electronics' New Kitchen Appliances Deliver Unparalleled Performance and Organization
Michigan Companies Celebrate Earth Day, All Year Round
Frontline(R) Plus Reveals Killer Instinct in New Consumer Push
Other News Releases in New Products & Services
Filter: CSI's Virtual Video Conference Launched 4/8!
U Car Share Launches the Alternative to Car Ownership at Lewis & Clark College
Canyon Gate Real Estate Services Opens Doors to New Santa Fe Office
Journalists and Bloggers
PR Newswire for Journalists
 for releases, photos, ProfNet experts, and customized feeds just for Media.
content distributed by MultiVu on 
Targeting, Monitoring & Measurement
Multimedia & Broadcast PR
Small Business Solutions
Request a Price Quote
 Become a member
 Chat online with an expert
 Have us call you
 Request more information
 Call us
 Send us feedback
Online Member Center
Social Media Metrics
