Carlson Marketing says Huggies rewards program smells like infringement, sues Kimberly-Clark - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal: 
 for free extra services.
Choose Another City:
Exclusive Subscriber Content
Most Emailed Stories
Access Digital Edition
News From Other Cities
Marketing Whitepapers
Technology Whitepapers
Commercial Real Estate
Advertise in the Directory
Business Travel Center
Mpls./St. Paul City Guide
Accounting & Consulting
Banking & Financial Services
Energy & the Environment
Logistics & Transportation
Residential Real Estate
Retailing & Restaurants
Subscribe to Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Friday, April 2, 2010
Carlson Marketing says Huggies rewards program smells like infringement, sues Kimberly-Clark
Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - by 
Send this story to a friend
Email address of friend (insert comma between multiple addresses):
Enter words from the security image above:
Carlson Worldwide Marketing Inc.
 is raising a stink in federal court over an online diaper customer rewards program.
The Plymouth-based marketing agency is suing Huggies diaper maker 
Kimberly-Clark Corp.
 over alleged patent infringement, according to court records.
Huggies&#39; customer loyalty program rewards customers who buy diapers, Pull-Ups and wipes. Codes on the product packaging can be entered at the 
Enjoy the Ride Rewards Web site
 for points redeemable for more Huggies products, music, toys and gift cards to retailers and restaurants.
Defendants Kimberly-Clark and promotional marketer 
 have run the Web site since at least April 2009, according to the suit, and use unique codes concealed on the products.
In a civil complaint filed in Minneapolis&#39; U.S. District Court Thursday, Carlson said that code technique is covered under a March 2000 patent for a &quot;method of building up a data bank containing customer data and/or for the organization of a rebate or coupon system.&quot;
Carlson wants a federal judge to put a permanent stop to the alleged violation and award damages in excess of $50,000.
Dallas-based Kimberly-Clark and Winnipeg-based IC Group have not yet filed a response to the suit. A Kimberly-Clark spokeswoman said the company does not comment on pending litigation. IC Group could not be reached for comment.
Carlson Marketing bills itself as the largest independent marketing agency in the United States, and 15th largest marketing company in the world, with 2,500 marketing professionals in 17 countries.
Attorneys Emmett McMahon, Marta Chou and Martin Lueck of Minneapolis law firm 
Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi
 filed the suit for Carlson. The case has been assigned to Senior U.S. District Judge James Rosenbaum.
jhammerand@bizjournals.com | (612) 288-2138

Most Emailed Stories
Business Pulse Survey
Where would you spend a free week off?
sponsored by 
bizjournals Partners
City Guide Spotlight 
Twin Cities Real Estate
Search Press Releases
 Search by Company, Organization, or Keyword
Content provided by PR Newswire. 
Search for Jobs 
powered by onTargetJobs
View Twincities Jobs - 721 jobs today
Get the latest local business news delivered to your inbox every afternoon
 Email Address 
Get the Mpls./St. Paul DailyUpdate newsletter
Small Business Center
 Sponsored by 
Visit the Small Business Center
Entrepreneur Success Stories
Find out how they made it
Sign up for the Daily Update
Featured Mpls./St. Paul Jobs

Use of, or registration on, this site constitutes acceptance of our 
