PR-USA.net - Kimberly-Clark to Webcast Presentations and Q&A at Investor Meeting in New York City
charset=iso-8859-1" /> 
"background="http://pr-usa.net/templates/247extender/images/center3.jpg"> 
Friday, 23 April 2010
 Advertisement 
 To publish a PR you need to 
 Kimberly-Clark to Webcast Presentations and Q&A; at Investor Meeting in New York City 
 Kimberly-Clark Corporation will host a meeting for the investment community and will webcast associated presentations on its progress on the key strategies, initiatives and financial objectives of its Global Business Plan, beginning at 8 a.m. (EDT) on Monday, March 22, in New York City. Chairman and CEO Thomas J. Falk will be joined by members of K-C's senior leadership team for these presentations and a question and answer period, which will continue until approximately 10:00 a.m.
The company will subsequently host breakout sessions in which analysts and investors will meet with key Kimberly-Clark business leaders in its North Atlantic Consumer Products, K-C International, K-C Professional and Health Care businesses. These sessions will not be webcast.
A link to the broadcast and related presentation slides will be provided through the Investors section of Kimberly-Clark's Web site at www.kimberly-clark.com. The webcast will be available for replay for a period of approximately three weeks through the link provided on the website.
Kimberly-Clark and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 150 countries. Every day, 1.3 billion people--nearly a quarter of the world's population--trust K-C brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds the No. 1 or No. 2 share position in more than 80 countries. To keep up with the latest K-C news and to learn more about the company's 138-year history of innovation, visit www.kimberly-clark.com. 
 New Content 
 Advertisement 
Site Value - $8 million... :-)
 &copy; 2010 PR-USA.net
 Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License.
Design by Mamboteam.com | Powered by Mambobanner.de 
Online Credit Report
