Comtex SmarTrend(R) Morning Call -- March 22, 2010 | TradingMarkets.com 
 New ETF Book by Larry Connors - 
Click here to read more
 
Comtex SmarTrend(R) Morning Call -- March 22, 2010
Posted on: Mon, 22 Mar 2010 08:13:29 EDT
, 
, 
, 
, 
 Do you know when to trade 
 & 
 ? 
 Check for a 
 from TradingMarkets 
 Mar 22, 2010 (SmarTrend via COMTEX) -- 
U.S. stocks declined Friday, as renewed worries about Greece sparked a climb in the dollar. The DJIA fell 37 points to close at 10,742. Many SmarTrend(R) indicators descended further, extending their search for bases from which to rally again, which is going to be delayed today while investors sort out winners from losers following last night's passage of the controversial health care reform legislation by the House of Representatives. 
Sectors sensitive to dollar value moves were significantly impacted, including materials, chip makers and energy. The euro fell to more than a two-week low against the greenback on renewed worries about Greece's debts. Investors worry that reluctance from Europe's largest economy, Germany, will retard efforts to solve Greece's problems. Today investors are going to worry about the U.S. following Greece into a debt abyss, a fear enhanced by the passage of the health care legislation, the cost of which is likely understated by trillions of dollars. Friday's daily SmarTrend(R) uptrends to downtrends reflected the growing anxiety of investors by turning biased to the downside, at 16:29, after a 26 trading day, near-perfect run to the upside. This decline was not enough to cause the IBDI to stop rising in its overbought zone, but did cause the Trend Ratio to moved sideways in its overbought zone. In a word, the intermediate-term uptrend is in a position to halt its lifting until investors sort out the impact of the health legislation. On the other hand, the long-term uptrend has not been slowed in its ascent, and points to a continuation of an attractive investing environment for long stocks when the current dip is over. 
Until Sunday's vote, the current dip appeared to be ready to end today, but a further decline by the near-term trend indicators seems likely today, extending into tomorrow. All four indicators have descended from their overbought zones, and are showing no signs of deceleration as they head south toward their neutral zones. The DJIA may need to decline to the 10,500 level, the upwardly revised support forecast from earlier last week, before it can right itself and commence a new rally. 
Gyrations by the market indices, as driven by the trade-term trend, will be the direct result of mounting broad debt concerns worldwide. The situation in Greece readily shows how easily a sovereign entity can run down its economy with excessive debt-to-GDP loads. Many fear the U.S. is following the same course and that last night's cram-down vote regarding health care legislation was the first, fatal step for the U.S. Despite growing evidence that the previously- respected Congressional Budget Office's "independent" analyses were grossly understated cost- wise, the House voted for the Senate bill and then passed a second bill to amend the Senate bill, which now goes back to the Senate for a vote, only needing 51 votes for passage this time. The President has vowed to sign the bills. The end result will be a law that has very little immediate benefit for anyone, other than those rewarded to support the bill: hospitals, doctors, pharmaceutical and insurance/health care companies. This health care reward act likely will engender higher taxes, higher health insurance premiums and health care costs and more Fed debt, not the opposite as advertised by some politicians. The impact on the economy may be positive in the short term, since this legislation is, in effect, another Fed stimulus program, this time raising capital from debt, taxes, higher insurance premiums, and giving the trillions of dollars involved to health care companies. These economic issues and others are discussed below. Unfortunately for investors, Congress's "kicking the can down the road" will likely create more potholes in the road for the recovering U.S. economy, even after voters seek to take matters into their own hands in the fall to correct what they see as out of control political obeisance to special interest groups. To review the entire list of stocks changing trends in the last week and/or hear a podcast of this report, please click on http://www.mysmartrend.com. 
"We know better." And with that the House dramatically passed a game-changing bit of its own March Madness, sending the highly-contested, tightly-passed, $940 billion healthcare reform bill to the Senate for action, expected this week. Just how the bill's expected enactment works on market sentiment, CBO estimates notwithstanding, may affect markets' views on US financial standing, measuring the value of Treasuries versus corporate debt amid adjustments to projections of US deficit spending levels, and purchases of the US dollar as safety instruments, for just a start. The bill also falls within the wider construct of global recovery concerns as the Greece crisis looms larger, and prospects for central banks to ratchet up removal of stimulus spending heightens after India's moves last week. Should investors interpret the measure as a further stimulus package, not the budget-curbing bill curiously promised, markets may push equities higher, once again adopting a short-term, positive stance on increased government spending levels. 
Last week witnessed further gains in the benchmark indices, even as a Friday pullback trimmed the market's advance to a DJIA rise of 1.1%, a 117-point increase, the NASDAQ to an almost 7-point climb of 0.3%, and the S&P500 to a near-10 point advance of 0.9%. The safe-haven US dollar climbed 0.6% on the week against a basket of currencies following twin, tame inflation reports as well as a further FOMC pledge to hold rates low for an "extended period." The dollar ascended against a global landscape in which rates' normalizations appeared more the norm, as was the case in India with its Central Bank unexpected move to contain inflation through increases to its repurchase rates. A higher US dollar, now up 3.5% year-to-date and 1.4% for the week sent dollar-priced raw material prices lower, dropping S&P sectors oil and gas as well as basic material shares 1.6% and 1.2%, respectively on the week, the only two sectors to show declines for the week. 
Equity markets' digestive tracks may be rumbled this week by discussions on the Obama healthcare bill, and will also need to absorb additional Greece crisis concerns as the March 25-26, EU summit in Brussels is variously anticipated to address Greece's pending $27 billion in debt maturities over the next two months. Reports are circulating that Germany may not support the EU's efforts to resolve the crisis; indeed, the German Chancellor Merkel this morning warned against creating illusory expectations of such pending assistance. Greece's Prime Minister has asked for a detailed rescue plan at the meeting. According to a Reuters report, Greeks believe current austerity measures unfair, further casting doubts on its ability to reduce deficits from within. 
Risk sentiment has much to swallow as stocks sit perched near 18-month highs, and market strategists call for a restorative consolidation before equities may attempt further climbs. Healthcare shares, unchanged overall on Friday, are expected to show increased action as the bill's uncertainty is removed, and the extension of healthcare coverage to more Americans is assimilated. An afternoon Senate Banking Committee hearing on the financial reform bill may see heightened apprehension as analysts try to assess the Congress' ability to find partisan-based votes. 
As for the economic calendar, today's posts are negligible, with Tuesday's report on February existing home sales expected to show a 1.0% decline to 5.00 million, an 8-month low, but moderating from January's 7.2% decline. Wednesday's calendar contains the new home sales post, anticipated up 1.9%, following the 11.2% decline prior as sales increase to 315K from 309K in January. 
The monthly measure of durable goods orders for February, also due out Wednesday, is anticipated to show a 0.6% gain after January's 3.0% climb, and boosted by strength from Boeing (NYSE: 
). Ex-transportation, the gauge is still expected to see a 0.5% advance, reversing a 0.6% drop prior. 
Economists are predicting another fall in weekly jobless numbers, with the Thursday release projected to show a decline to 450K from 457K prior and continuing claims this time expected down slightly to 4560K from 4579K prior. 
Finishing the week, the March final U of Michigan sentiment measure is expected to post at 73.0 versus 72.5. And US final, fourth quarter GDP numbers are due out and likely unchanged from previous numbers showing 5.9% annualized GDP growth, and personal consumption growth of 1.7%. 
Fed-speak, meanwhile, will be manic. Among those listed are: Dennis Lockhart (Monday), Plosser, Yellen (Tuesday), Hoenig (Wednesday), Pianalto and Bernanke (Thursday), and Warsh, Bullard, and Tarullo (Friday). The earnings calendar remains quiet, although numbers are due from Williams Sonoma (NYSE: 
), Tiffany & Co (NYSE: 
) and Phillips-Van Heusen (NYSE: 
According to our analytics team, all four SmarTrend proprietary indicators have descended from their overbought zones, and are showing no signs of deceleration as they head south toward their neutral zones. The DJIA may need to decline to the 10,500 level, the upwardly revised support forecast from earlier last week, before it can right itself and commence a new rally. To examine the list of stocks changing trends in the last week, please click on http://www.mysmartrend.com. 
In the corporate corner, AIG (NYSE:AIG) former CEO Greenberg reached a deal with UBS (NYSE:UBS) to sell most of his shares in AIG, an estimated 10 million shares, for $278.2 million. 
Kimberly-Clark (NYSE: 
) confirmed full-year guidance of $4.80-$5.00; consensus projections were $4.87. 
FBR lifted its rating on Waddell & Reed (NYSE:WDR) to "outperform" from "perform," taking the price target from $36 to $40. 
PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) begins its two-day investor conference saying that earnings for the year will be up 11-13 percent. 
Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) upgraded Genuine Parts (NYSE:GPC) from "neutral" to its Conviction Buy List, raising the price target to $48 from $45. 
Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) posted better-than-expected fourth quarter earnings of 86 cents, up from estimates of 73 cents and last year's 31 cents on inline revenues of $1.09 billion. 
Tiffany & Co (NYSE:TIF) reported disappointing fourth quarter earnings of $1.09, a four-cent miss, versus 85 cents a year earlier, on better-than-expected revenues of $981.4 million, up from estimates of $971 million. Full-year guidance of $2.45-$2.50 exceeds Street estimates of $2.43. 
By Chip Brian, Editor-in-Chief, Comtex news Network 
www.Comtex.com -- editor@mysmartrend.com 
The following equities mentioned above include: 
 Comtex SmarTrend Alert ---------------------------------------------- Ticker Last Close Trend Direction Trend Price Trend Date ---------------------------------------------------------------------- BA 70.72 Uptrend 52.66 11/23/2009 KMB 61.43 Uptrend 61.34 3/19/2010 PVH 53.73 Uptrend 42.28 2/17/2010 TIF 47.25 Uptrend 42.74 2/17/2010 WSM 24.14 Uptrend 21.32 2/24/2010 
INX -- S&P 500: 1,160 Lo: 1,155 Hi: 1,169 Change: -5.92 
http://www.mysmartrend.com/images/INX20100322.jpg 
INDU -- DOW JONES: 10,742 Lo: 10,694 Hi: 10,820 Change: -37.19 
http://www.mysmartrend.com/images/INDU20100322.jpg 
QQQQ -- NASDAQ: 2,374 Lo: 2,365 Hi: 2,397 Change: -16.87 
http://www.mysmartrend.com/images/QQQQ20100322.jpg 
This report is divided into three sections. The first deals with our 5 proprietary market indicators, the second section examines important economic and business happenings which are expected to affect U.S. Stock market movements and the third section describes specific company announcement and earnings releases. Experience demonstrates that when these 5 indicators reach extremes they can shortly be expected to change direction and move in the opposite direction. When such happens in all or most of the 5 indicators, on or about the same time, followed by a move from below an extreme (oversold) to above that extreme (or vice versa for overbought), a change in market direction is very probable. The near term market moves are measured to identify the best possible returns for traders/investors. Daily price/volume examinations provide the best data upon which to base such forecasts. In this report though, intraday indicators are examined to improve the point of entry timing for the expected move. 
Comtex News Network, Inc. is not a registered investment advisor and does not provide investment advice. Investors bear complete responsibility for their own investment research and decisions and should seek the advice of a qualified investment professional prior to making investment decisions. SmarTrend is a registered trademark of Comtex News Network, Inc. Copyright, Comtex News Network, Inc. 2010 
Comtex News Network, Inc. ("Comtex") obtains information from sources deemed to be reliable; however, Comtex does not guarantee the accuracy of any of the information or commentary provided. Comtex makes no warranties, expressed or implied, as to the fitness of the information for any purpose, or to results obtained by individuals using the information. In no event shall Comtex be liable for direct, indirect, or incidental damages resulting from the use of the information. Comtex shall be indemnified and held harmless from any actions, claims, proceedings, or liabilities with respect to the information and its use. Comtex does not make specific trading recommendations or provide individualized market advice. The information contained in the Morning Call product is provided as an information service only. 
To subscribe to this newsletter, please visit http://www.mysmartrend.com/newsletter . To learn more about SmarTrend, go to http://www.mysmartrend.com or call Comtex sales at (212) 688-6240. 
For full details on Boeing Co (BA) 
. Boeing Co (BA) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Boeing Co (BA) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on Phillips-Van Heusen Corp (PVH) 
. Phillips-Van Heusen Corp (PVH) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Phillips-Van Heusen Corp (PVH) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on Williams Sonoma Inc (WSM) 
. Williams Sonoma Inc (WSM) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Williams Sonoma Inc (WSM) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on Tiffany & Co (TIF) 
. Tiffany & Co (TIF) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Tiffany & Co (TIF) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
For full details on Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) 
. Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) has Short Term PowerRatings at TradingMarkets. Details on Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Short Term PowerRatings is available at 
Learn new strategies, how to trade in this market, and the stocks you should be focusing on each day. Join us for our 
 20 minute tele-seminars during the week.
 Thursday April 29 12:30 PM 
Hear What Kevin Haggerty Sees in the Stock Market Today!
 Wednesday April 28 01:00 PM 
Hear What Gary Kaltbaum Sees in the Stock Market Today!
 * Attendance is strictly limited and are filled on a first-come, first-served basis. 
